# (ELITR corpus) meeting\_en\_test2\_004


[transcripts](meeting_en_test2_004/meeting_en_test2_004.txt)

[minutes1](meeting_en_test2_004/minutes_GENER_annot13.txt)
[minutes2](meeting_en_test2_004/minutes_GENER_annot17.txt)


[interaction logs1](meeting_en_test2_004/20231023.140336.json)


(minutes with additional comments on lines starting by #LB)

**WHAT/WHY**

(1) What are the two main events discussed during this meeting ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ PROJECT6 and PROJECT13 events

</aside>

(2) In which language will be PROJECT13 event ?  (M)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ It is in Czech

</aside>

(3) I am PERSON10 and could not attend the meeting, tell the two main things I should absolutely know (M)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ There was a mention of finding a replacement for your role, and [PERSON7] will be in touch with you regarding this matter.

</aside>



(4) Which dataset is used by PERSON5 for building her model ? (M)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ common voice

</aside>

(5) Which languages are covered by the spoken language identification system ? (E)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ Czech, German, English

</aside>

(6) I didn't understand this 'ladder climbing' thing, can you explain me please ? (S)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ it refers to the continuous evaluation and improvement process of speech-to-text (STT) systems; in the meeting, suggestion was to use tables to be made as simple HTML format as easiest solution, to present the results of the ladder climbing process for easier monitoring and comparison of system performance.

</aside>

(7) Which event has been postponed ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PROJECT6]

</aside>



**WHO**

(1) Who are the participants of the meeting ? (S)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PERSON12], [PERSON13], [PERSON7], [PERSON5], [PERSON14]

</aside>

(2) Who is very busy at the moment ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PERSON13]

</aside>

(3) Who is in charge of the demo paper submission ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PERSON12]

</aside>


(4) Who will replace PERSON10 ? (E)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PERSON4] 

</aside>

(5) Who is leading the conversation ? (S)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PERSON12] 

</aside>



**WHEN**

(1) What is the deadline for the demo paper submission ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ Friday 15th January (next friday)

</aside>

(2) When is next meeting ? (E)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ Thursday 14th January (next Thursday)

</aside>

(3) When will PROJECT6 actually take place ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ 26th of February

</aside>




**HOW MANY**

(1) What is the current delay of the language id system ? (E)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ 3 seconds

</aside>






**STATS**

- WHAT: 7/7 correct
- WHO: 3/5 correct
- WHEN: 2/3 correct
- HOW MANY: 0/1 correct

- B: 5/6 correct
- M: 3/3 correct
- E: 2/4 correct
- S: 2/3 correct

**REMARKS**

none