# (ELITR corpus) meeting\_en\_test2\_007


[transcripts](meeting_en_test2_007/meeting_en_test2_007.txt)

[minutes1](meeting_en_test2_007/minutes_GENER_annot13.txt)

[minutes2](meeting_en_test2_007/minutes_GENER_annot17.txt)

[interaction logs1](meeting_en_test2_007/JSON.zip)


(minutes with additional comments on lines starting by #LB)

**WHAT/WHY**

(1) Summarise what was said about system performance during latest recording session assessment (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡  (a) generally substandard system performance; (b) system very slow with low recognition rate; (c) slowness can be remedied by the operator being logged into one of the machines; (d) reasons for low recognition need to be investigated further.

</aside>

(2) How did (PERSON7) qualified the experience ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ It was qualified as 'disastrous'

</aside>

(3) What about the reviews of the [PROJECT12] demo paper, are they good ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ no they are not good, was said that paper has little impact

</aside>


(4) What is the problem with wearing face masks ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ it degrades speech recognition performance
</aside>

(5) What could be done to increase robustness ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡Data augmentation: apply frequency filtering to speech training data  (to simulate the impact of face masks on high frequencies)

</aside>

(6) What is the main problem faced by (PERSON8) at the moment? (M)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ not enough disk space

</aside>






**WHO**

(1) Tell me who attended the meeting (S)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PERSON13], [PERSON3], [PERSON16], [PERSON8], [PERSON15], [PERSON6], [PERSON7], [PERSON2]
</aside>

(2) Who is in charge of debugging the system ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PERSON16] and [PERSON3] 

</aside>

(3) Who added some files to [PROJECT12] test set ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PERSON3]

</aside>

(4) I need informations about [ORGANIZATION1] server, who do I have to ask ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PERSON4] 
</aside>

(5) Who is writing a paper with [PERSON5] ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PERSON15]

</aside>

(6) Who is in charge of writing code to test components' availability during live demos ?  (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PERSON7] 

</aside>

(7) Who is leading the meeting ?  (S)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PERSON13] 

</aside>

(8) Who stayed till the end to discuss alignment issues in German/English ? (S)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PERSON13], [PERSON6] and [PERSON2]

</aside>

(9) Who has a dentist appointment ? (S)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PERSON6] 

</aside>

(10) I'm (PERSON6) and do not remember who i should contact for profanity filtering ? (E)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ [PERSON16] and [PERSON7]

</aside>




**WHEN**

(1) When was this latest assessment ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ yesterday

</aside>

(2) What is the deadline for [ORGANIZATION6] demo papers ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ tomorrow

</aside>

(3) What is the deadline for processing English training data ? (B)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ 25/1

</aside>

(4) When is the conference about [PROJECT13] during which we are going to provide live subtitles ? (M)

<aside>
ðŸ’¡ 25th of January (as well) 

</aside>


**HOW MANY**





**STATS**

- WHAT: 4/6 correct
- WHO: 6/10 correct
- WHEN: 0/4 correct
- HOW MANY: 0/0 correct

- B: 6/13 correct
- M: 1/2 correct
- E: 1/1 correct
- S: 2/4 correct

**REMARKS**

none