[PROJECT2] Surge 2020 Organization
2020/01/30  13:00
In front of 423

Attendees: [PERSON14], [PERSON3], [PERSON16], [PERSON17], [PERSON8], [PERSON2], [PERSON7]
Purpose of meeting: Discuss items from google sheet.

Summary of meeting:

[PERSON14]: 
• Draw attention to enter the achievements into google sheet.
• Inform about presentation on [PROJECT2] on Monday seminar, 17th February: 
- Goal is to describe the project and invite more people to join. 
- Domain adaptation is needed. NLP and [PROJECT2] has same domain adaptation.
• Inform about Students FirmsFare, 18th – 20th March:
- Important for data collection.
- Very noisy environment.
- It is necessary to add profanity filtering. Bad words and words related to bad topics.
- 
[PERSON16]:
• Worked on data collection in English and [OTHER3]. Have 1970 – 1980 pdf files. Now is needed to clean all the data.

[PERSON3]:
• Work on compress and decompress of the sound.
• Work on multi-source model output.

[PERSON17]:
• Finished evaluation framework. Used different segmentations – wordbase and timebase.
• Now complete files to test it and working on the paper.

[PERSON14] and [PERSON2] discuss problematic setting. Idea of breaking in a small chunks and use the existing timestamps to break the long recording into shorter once.

[PERSON17] and [PERSON3] agreed that [PERSON3] create the list of files and will send that.



[PERSON7]:
• Experimented with various technics and especially like domain adaptation of a language model and then acoustic finding on [PERSON4] talk.
• Now working on a next version of the czech ASR system that should be trained on even more data.

[PERSON2]:
• Discuss with [PERSON14] about kind of compression. [PERSON3] and [PERSON11] test it. 
• Guess that systems are actually good with mp3 compression.
• Was working on sound segmentation. Problem with ASR system because some words get cut. Now continue with decoding. Window 4 – 8 seconds long.
• Trained the transformer converting the audio into graphians and tested the settings. Actual translation with the transformer was quite bad. 
• Prepare segmenter for Monday 17th.

[PERSON8]:
• [PERSON14] introduce [PERSON8].
• Worked on paraphrasing, actualy waiting for virtual machine. 
• Inform about [ORGANIZATION3] FastSpeech. Could try to setup.

Next meeting: 
Will be arranged by doodle.

Minutes submitted by : [ANNOTATOR3]


 



		[PROJECT2] Surge 2020 Organization
2020/01/30
13:00
In front of 423



