[PROJECT4] meeting, 2020-07-13

Participants of the meeting: [PERSON14], [PERSON6], [PERSON17], [PERSON10], [PERSON5]

It was discussed at the meeting:

- [PERSON14] finished second article in the journal
- [PERSON6] still need to write introduction and morfology and some other small things
- mostly [PERSON6]'s part is ready and everyone can read it and comment on it
- in the book it's better to say we and add the reference
- section about neural language models should be merged to the previous chapter or deleted
- [PERSON17] needs to write the probing and other unsupervised methods
- [PERSON5] explained [PERSON17] what he wanted to say in his comments
- the next meeting is planned on 21th July
- it's necessary to start thinking about revieweres

The minutes was written by: [ANNOTATOR1]
