{"model": "gpt-3.5-turbo-16k", "pre_system": "The following is the transcript of a meeting with multiple participants, where each line has a timestamp (e.g. 11:58:37 AM means 11h58mn37s am), the speaker's name and their utterance.", "post_system": "\n\nAs a professional conversational assistant, you can respond to any questions about the meeting, and you can make inferences from the transcripts.", "transcript": "<another_language/>\nSo it- it would be great if you could quickly explain what is your current status of the speaker adaptation data collection interface that you are-you are working on and the document the [PROJECT1] surge 2020 organisation and add in one or two points that mention your name and the one that I would like to specifically focus on is the \"regular\"data flow from you to [PERSON1].\nAnd what I mean by that is that I would like in the very few coming weeks that you two are in close touch and whenever you [PERSON10] have some data in the system then you know where to- like how to share them with the- with [PERSON1].\nSo that the data actually makes it to the models.\nSo this is something that is- it is like the final part the final stage of what you are developing.\nYour developing to what people will aplausing and all that.\nBut in the end we want to have a benefit from that and the benefit is that it will be included in the particular systems.\nSo this is something that I would like to set up soon and test at all the possible occasions.\nSo that this final integration is actually he most stable and best tested part.\nSorry.\n<another_language/><unintelligible/>\nSo that's another collegue will join.\nSo now [PERSON10] if you can describe what is the status you are working on and ehm specific what would be the best way to link your work directly to [PERSON1].\nOh yeah sure.\nFirst of all I would like to apologize because I was busy wit- with exams but tomorrow I have a final exam for this exam perial so I should be more availa- avai- whatever.\nAnd the current status is that I have some scripts for converting, data and extracting the most of common words from the data and furthering the words comparing to the dictionary of already known words.\nBut the scripts are working but they aren't in the pipeline.\nSo I know I have to run one script then run second script then run third script so right now my goal is to compress all the scripts to single one so in the end all- in the end it would work like- like this.\nYou have a directory with all the documents, downloaded from the web containing the- the relevant domain-specific dat- data and then you just run the script and the <unintelligible/> are the most common words from the- from the corpus.\nAnd optionally filtering that corpus using the dictionary of already known words.\nOkay, I would like to make sure that-\nSo this sounds good and it's totally ok that you had your time for the exams, that's- you don't need to apologize for that.\nBut it's good to mentioned it and-\nI'd just like to double check that script the final one which will take the directory and do the all the processing is kind of re-interend.\nNot in the sense that you should be able to run it twice at the same time but- so the correct word is actually idempotent or idempotent different pronounciation<unintelligible/>.\nSo that you- if you give it the same directory once and then for the second time it will emit the exact same result and the reason for it is that we expect these directories to grow in time.\nSo we want some permanent version of dictionary and then we find further documents related to the speaker so we just dump them to the-\nYes,yes.\nAnd we want the process again you convert what has not been converted and merge what is new and- so\nSo I think the most expensive part is the four- file convert- conversion so if you make some reasonable policy about the file naming then you can easily simply create the non-existent <unintelligible/> files and non-existence segment files and then re-do the dictionary from scratch that is not- usually not too expensive.\nIt could be expensive it's a large corpus of files in which case again you would have dictionaries per source and the step that you would repeat would be merging of this- already- like collective agregated dictionaries.  \nSo this is-\nYeah so I'm already checking for that you- so your already existing script as our base line for converting edit and a that script contin checking for already converted files so-\nYeah, ok\n<unintelligible/> files are actually converted\nYeah, that's great.\nI have another question, and that question is related to the front end, if you have started, probably not yet on, like, reviving what [PERSON11] has implemented the collection of source.\nSo the web front end where people can upload their files.\nHave you started doing anything about this?\nEhm excuse me, I missed the question.\nSo the question is, at the beginning of your pipeline there's the user the presenter who is bringing his files and in one of the links I've provided you at the beginning was a link to [PERSON11] who has already implemented very simple web collector web file collector, some simple web page where people can upload-\nOh,yes.\nTheir files to folders each folder per talk.\nOne folder per talk.\nSo my question is whether you have already started looking at this or not.\nEhm right now I'm not using that I-I just manually put the folders put- put the folders into the <unintelligible/> but the -\nOk, so that's ok.\nThe reason I'm asking is to mention what we have discussed today at the [ORGANIZATION2].\nSo they are definitely going to have many source files for us.\nThe structure of the <unintelligible/> will still evolve,so we need to be flexible with that but we are discussing what is the best way for them to give us all these files and I said that in March, in a month from now, we should hopefully be able to propose to to suggest interphase where they could upload the files and if the some restructuring of the folders we can do it behind the scene and then tell them Ok,now the directories are-are updated to your current agenda and please keep uploading the files again.\nSo this is- this is something which would be good to have running in March when they could start uploading their documents and there we would also test whatever forments they have and what other problems it this creates.\nSo I hope that it the timing is good for you.\nThat around March you should be able to have this running.\nI think it's possible.\nWell what should I give.\nYeah and there's one more thing and that is the confidentallity of the data.\nSo therefore they indicated that some of the files they will have will be public files which should- maybe they have- there are <unintelligible/> so it's downloadable from somewhere or they simply know the files will be published and they can give them to us as files and that's ok but there will also be another set of files which are strictly confidential for like the project.\nAnd I suggested that we could have two copies of this <unintelligible/> interface like two views.\nAnd one of the view would be green on green ground and that would be all the files which are non-sensitive and the there will be another like layer of that that would be like copy of that uploaded interface and that would have red background that would be used for files which must not leave the the faculty they can't be used.\nThe whole process of processing <unintelligible/> including is ok but the files as such can not be compa<unintelligible/> to any corpus or whatever.\nSo this is one more feature request on that user interface to separate like layers or gags of permissions for files.\nYeah, sure, I- I will take it into the consideration\nYeah ok, so that's- that's very good progress and now to my original question.\nWhat is the best type of collaboration that you could start with [PERSON1], the regular data flow.\nYou mean meating like this?\nYes, exactly.\nSo if there is a session going to happen, what I would like to- to be able to is just like dump the files on you and then you would process them your system will process it and you would pass it to [PERSON1] and then I would tell-\nSo I would- I would simply know that we are going to give the demo on one particle day.\nIt would be this person talking about this and that.\nI would dump the files for you ehm on you.\nAnd get the models or- ask [PERSON1] to run it and [PERSON1] would run and adapt it model on that.\nSo this- this is the transfer of the data, well actually should be all on [ORGANIZATION1] disks so its not reveal transfer the data.\nBut you need some communication protocol kind of so that [PERSON1] knows where to pick it up and how to integrate it and this needs to be <unintelligible/>\nIt will take a while until you stabilize on the procedure.\nSo that why im asking early.\nYes, sure, so- basically except Thursday, on Thursday I'm busy with school.\nYeah,ok, so after the exam period is over you can start loking into this.\nYes- yes, after the I have-I have school basically, I will be busy on Thursday.\nSo- so from when- from when should [PERSON1] contact you about this?\nSo when you are going to be available?\nIf <unintelligible/>\n<another_language/>\nOk, so do we have anybody-\nOh we have [PERSON5] connected so [PERSON5] can you hear us?\nWe don't hear you.\nMaybe [PERSON10] will be available- [PERSON1]- <unintelligible/>\nYes exactly.\nSo- so far we have been doing talk adaptation kind of on the just manually.\nAnd I would like talkable adaptations the automated as much as possible and this adapta- this- this automatization is that I throw files on- on [PERSON10] and he gives everything and the language modul and all that to-\n <unintelligible/>\nHe has- so- something that would- has to be discussed but he has the text.\nSo that would be the best I think, yes.\nI can- I can hear you now \nYes.\n<another_language/>\nI could- I heard before but you didnt hear me.\nYeah, yes ok.\nSo [PERSON5] please let us know what you are working on.\nSo I I'm trying to make the webster kit connection working.\nthat I- I use for uploading the data to <unintelligible/> or to online text club and that I'm using the <unintelligible/> for it it kind of tall<unintelligible/> and <unintelligible/> some packet.\nSo i looking to the plain webster kit connection would probably be more predictible and more easire to the <unintelligible/> maybe.\nSo maybe also some set up on the apache that needs to be done.\nBut i have you know i read the web and try it to ehm can <unintelligible/>\nHopefully I will have something by tomorrow.\nAnd the, so that we ready for next week.\nAnd the system is working.\nYes, on <unintelligible/> to yes, I hope you are, but I'm sure-\nI'm- I'm.\nOn wednesday the drive one session.\nYes.\nAnd on Monday from one we have like pre-drive one here in [ORGANIZATION3].\nI don't know whether you have to be there or not thats not important, Wednesday is more important-\nWednesday?\nAnd we could make it as a live test of i don't know if they will have full twenty five machines watching the- watching these the sub- the subtitles of what we are saying.\nSo that would- that would be threst test for you so it would be good to see you.\nI know.\nSo you're planning for that, excellent.\nI'm yeah\nOk\n<unintelligible/> mentioned, I need to put together documentations with [PERSON7], actually didn't contact her yet, probably I should.\nSo I wanna say so these webster kits and <unintelligible/> tomorrow to work on it.\nI didn't have much time-\nYes\nI hope to contact her- i also- ihave some documentation already but I will reflect that it's the webster kit.\nSo, yeah, I will then send it to her maybe early next week she should know, so that we can- we can <unintelligible/>\nAnd this documentation that you are sending to [PERSON7] that is also related to their- to the document that she sent where there were the functional requirement on the presentation platform or not?\nWas it there in reply to your- \nI'm not sure I have the document because I- I know you wrote to me that [PERSON7] will be involved and I don't know if she required <unintelligible/> going on.\nI probably need to read once again your message and the-\nYes.\nSo do I.\nSo I recieved an e-mail from [PERSON7] yesterday that she's already busy this week and she- we should like schedule call maybe for the next week.\nSo please when you are doing this please stop <unintelligible/> but then we should probably sold all to [PERSON7] with one call.\nSo that.\nS youre now my deputy for communication with [PERSON7].\nOk, ok, ok.\nAnd do you have already some meeting planned?\nNo not yet exactly so this <unintelligible/> to start it.\nYeah.\nOk, thank you.\n[PERSON5] will <unintelligible/> the discussion with [PERSON7] on documenting and also functional requirements on presentation web forms <unintelligible/>\nSo thank you that was [PERSON5] and there is no one else remotely present so maybe [PERSON8] if you could start <unintelligible/> what- what we have here.\nWhats your status.\nSo I'm working on <unintelligible/> speech consilation and I now I'm going to train we fix the <unintelligible/>\nempty moduls to work on prefixes into prefixes.\nI'm just starting to work with- work alliance.\nYeah, thank you.\nSo thats good.\n<unintelligible/> evaluation to the set <unintelligible/> it should test it on the real data.\n[PERSON8] sent me some files from - I think <unintelligible/> something like that so I-\nI think I started to download them and re-check if they- I can convert them to our suitable forms.\nAnd also <unintelligible/> I will check the light files so- <unintelligible/> send me to them morning and I just-\nI think we should <unintelligible/> most important test now is to prepare data for ISWSLT.\nI think thats something like that we promised to make it ready this <unintelligible/>\nAnd by me and [PERSON3] should finalize this test now and that's all I think.\nOk thank you.\nWe already have to <unintelligible/> scripts for <unintelligible/> translation.\nYes, but if- the problem is the <unintelligible/> info should be exactly some- some <unintelligible/>\nYes, yes, if- yes, now it's ready-\nWhere can I find it?\nHm? Where you can find it?\nI think-\nSo let's discuss that after that but during today, like right after we close the screening-\nSo since Monday I was busing transcribing recordings that was share by [PERSON11] <unintelligible/> \nThere were like quite a number of <unintelligible/> and then today I also processed time stamp lock <unintelligible/> for [PERSON6]'s evaluation tools.\nI also fixed the tool <unintelligible/> for english segment that capitalizating the first letter for proper nouns but I still need to do this manually for the czech segmenter.\nLike- yeah, so-\n<unintelligible/> don't know it how to do that and yesterday I with help of [PERSON8] and IT department fixed- <unintelligible/>\nI mean, that yes our <unintelligible/> on to run the <unintelligible/>\nSo that was good move\nSo did-\nSo we can totally run <unintelligible/> on Monday, we can start everything ourselves-\nYes, so the docker, I'm working on the docker images that was shared by [PERSON9]\nSo we don't have the segmentor yet.\nNot the segmentor, only the <unintelligible/> worker on some machines.\nI would again try, since we got the docker file for that as well-\nYes.\nI would try installing it from scratch so than we don't have to <unintelligible/> it, right?\nYes.\nOk, it's right.\n<unintelligible/>\nSo I'm very much afraid of running the docker on some virtual machine-\n<unintelligible/>\nThat's even worse,like that's something that we-\nSo that's what I- if it's possible, so if we can have separate account on the docker support in <unintelligible/> file\nSo the way they handle it<unintelligible/> is that they would create virtual machine for us where they'll allow docker.\nThey can do that-\nSo please ask [PERSON8] and [PERSON1]- or [PERSON1], please ask [PERSON4]-\nOk.\nThat- and show him the docker file that we have and that we need to process this in pipe line actually.\nSo it doesn't have to be really in pipe line it has to be <unintelligible/> so <unintelligible/> which connects to mediator, right?\nIt is-\nYeah.\nSo, like a stand a low virtual machine docker is something that- that would do the job\nYeah, but this is what we need like for permanent use.\nBecause we cannot turn too many segmentors from the laptop.\nYes, exactly, so we need if you instance it actually.\n<unintelligible/>\nYes.\nYeah we got a GPU.\nSo please ask for virtual machine for this and try to set it up-\nMaybe ask today and we don't need it for Monday we can-\nWe could make it on Wednesday and we definitely need it for next Monday because there is a very high risk of- of not having calculate system.\nAlright.\nAnd apart from focusing in text segmentor like analyzing the first word letter of the proper nouns, I would like to discuss how to increase the f- the recall for that for the stop and periods.\nSo one solution which I propose is that <unintelligible/> smaller segments I would like to except and it can be once use not to fix.\nDid you try to <unintelligible/>\n<unintelligible/> segmentor process the source as it comes so one <unintelligible/> start.\nThat's <unintelligible/> yours.\n<unintelligible/> yours when there process-\nFrom the beginning-\nSegmentor from the beginning, it can be process as the beginning of the sentence it must be <unintelligible/>\nYes, the last segment that message.\nSo I don't know the details-\n<unintelligible/>\n<unintelligible/> somehow find a way <unintelligible/> just to take the last message the <unintelligible/>\nSo I think I need to use the time stamps to-\nYes.\nOk.\nWe <unintelligible/> the time stamps <unintelligible/>\nAnd what about how to fix the mediant?\nI actually don't know what's the <unintelligible/> to look to some puts.\nActually on I was that we have a list number of periods.\nSo if-\nSo recall it's low proposing pits frequently.\nFrequently, we need more frequent for the stops and the text\n<unintelligible/> period <unintelligible/>\nSo like you would think reduce the <unintelligible/> or something like that.\nI- I have to look on it, maybe there's something\nYeah that's all from me and-\nOk, thank you.\nSo I think that we don't have anyone else on the call.\nNo.\nOk, let's- let's like oficially close this session with the reminder that everybody should enter themselves for specific things they have done to the- to the Google sheet.\nSo that I can add some point for that.\nSo remember that, it's quite important.\nAnd also if you have not filled the Youtube- sorry, the doodle <unintelligible/> for regular meetings, please do so.\nI was expecting to see soon it and after here because both of them mentioned in the doodle <unintelligible/> that they are available but-\nYeah, ok.\nI'll talk to them seperately, maybe my misunderstanding for they- it\nOk.\nOne thing I want to- so about the search for the <unintelligible/> we were contact few days back and also I was not willing to-\nSo basically the fix <unintelligible/> and the output with phone it was not supported by EB plan so I proposed that we meet it- we meet physically in his office and fix it-\nYes.\n<unintelligible/> in the office.\nMaybe tomorrow he is in the building.\nYes, tomorrow he's coming.\nI just want <unintelligible/> I just <unintelligible/> instantly and this needs to be fix, it's like-\nYes.\nMore instantly like-\nExactly, yeah, yeah.\nThank you.\nSo that's it.\nI think it's everything for today.\nSo thanks for those who are on the remote call and will be in touch by e-mail.\nSo remember to fill the Doodle of your availability, ok?\nThank you, bye bye.\n", "utterances": [["20230915:104924", "user", " When should the interface to upload files be ready ?", 0], ["20230915:104948", "assistant", "According to the transcript, the goal is to have the interface to upload files ready by March. This timeline was mentioned during the meeting as a target for allowing the organization to start uploading their files. However, it's important to note that the progress and availability of the interface may vary based on the development process and any unforeseen circumstances.", 1], ["20230915:105112", "user", " Who will use this uploading interface massively ? ?", 0], ["20230915:105116", "assistant", "According to the transcript, the organization mentioned in the meeting as the main user of the uploading interface is [ORGANIZATION2]. They are expected to have a large number of source files that need to be uploaded and processed. The specific details of the organization were not provided in the transcript.", 1], ["20230915:105257", "user", " Based on the transcript, can you infer when (which month) does the meeting take place ?", 0], ["20230915:105301", "assistant", "Based on the conversation in the transcript, it is not explicitly mentioned which month the meeting took place in. However, there are references to upcoming events and deadlines, such as exams and the need to have certain tasks completed by March. Without more specific information, it is not possible to infer the exact month of the meeting.", -1], ["20230915:105551", "user", " Which important issue was raised about the data of  [ORGANIZATION2] ?", 0], ["20230915:105557", "assistant", "The important issue raised about the data of [ORGANIZATION2] was the confidentiality of the files. It was mentioned that some files would be public and could be shared, while others would be strictly confidential for the project and should not leave the organization. The suggestion was made to have separate views or layers in the uploading interface, with different permissions and background colors to distinguish between non-sensitive and confidential files. This was discussed as a feature request to ensure the proper handling and protection of sensitive data.", 1], ["20230915:110255", "user", " Who are the persons to be involved in the documentation ?", 0], ["20230915:110300", "assistant", "According to the transcript, the person mentioned to be involved in the documentation is [PERSON7]. It was discussed that [PERSON7] would be contacted to collaborate on documenting the functionalities and requirements of the presentation web forms. [PERSON7] is identified as someone who can provide valuable input and assistance in this aspect.", 0], ["20230915:110327", "user", " Who are the two persons involved in the documentation ?", 0], ["20230915:110331", "assistant", "Apologies for the confusion in my previous response. The two persons involved in the documentation are [PERSON7] and the speaker, who is responsible for reaching out to [PERSON7] and collaborating with them on documenting the functionalities and requirements of the presentation web forms.", 1], ["20230915:111024", "user", " Based on the transcript, would you say this is (a) a fully offsite (b) a fully online (c) a hybrid meeting ?", 0], ["20230915:111029", "assistant", "Based on the transcript, it appears to be a hybrid meeting. The meeting involves multiple participants who are both physically present and remotely connected. Some participants mention being on-site or in an office, while others mention being connected remotely. Therefore, it can be inferred that the meeting combines both in-person and online elements, making it a hybrid meeting.", 1], ["20230915:111228", "user", " Can we schedule a call with (PERSON7) this week ?", 0], ["20230915:111232", "assistant", "There is no information in the transcript indicating a specific schedule for a call with [PERSON7]. However, it was mentioned in the meeting that a call with [PERSON7] should be scheduled for the following week. Therefore, it would be advisable to reach out to [PERSON7] and coordinate a suitable time for a call.", 0], ["20230915:111338", "user", " We should schedule a call with (PERSON7) asap, can we do that this week ?", 0], ["20230915:111344", "assistant", "Based on the transcript, [PERSON7] mentioned that she is busy this week and suggested scheduling a call for the following week. However, if you need to schedule a call with [PERSON7] as soon as possible, it would be best to reach out to her directly to discuss availability and find a suitable time for the call.", 1], ["20230915:112227", "user", " What is everyone's homework after the meeting ?", 0], ["20230915:112241", "assistant", "Based on the transcript, here is a summary of the tasks or action items assigned to each person after the meeting:\n\n1. [PERSON10]: Set up a communication protocol with [PERSON1] for the regular flow of data. Start collaborating closely and ensure the data from [PERSON10] reaches [PERSON1]'s models. Set up a meeting with [PERSON1] to discuss further details and availability.\n\n2. [PERSON5]: Work on setting up the Webster Kit connection for uploading data. Contact [PERSON7] to collaborate on documentation and functional requirements for the presentation web forms. Aim to have progress on these tasks by the following week.\n\n3. [PERSON8]: Continue working on speech segmentation and training. Download and process files shared by [PERSON11] for testing. Check the light files and collaborate with [PERSON3] to finalize data preparation for ISWSLT. Also, discuss and address issues related to the text segmenter's recall for stop and period marks.\n\n4. [PERSON3]: Collaborate with [PERSON8] to finalize the data preparation for ISWSLT testing.\n\n5. [PERSON1]: Communicate with [PERSON10] regarding the regular data flow and integration of the data. Coordinate with [PERSON4] to address and fix the", -1], ["20230915:112400", "user", " But which thing should everyone do ?", 0], ["20230915:112412", "assistant", "Apologies for the confusion. Based on the transcript, here are the individual tasks assigned to each person after the meeting:\n\n1. [PERSON10]: Set up a communication protocol with [PERSON1] for the regular flow of data. Collaborate closely with [PERSON1] to ensure data from [PERSON10] reaches [PERSON1]'s models.\n\n2. [PERSON5]: Work on setting up the Webster Kit connection for uploading data. Collaborate with [PERSON7] on documentation and functional requirements for the presentation web forms.\n\n3. [PERSON8]: Continue working on speech segmentation and training. Download and process files shared by [PERSON11] for testing. Check the light files and collaborate with [PERSON3] to finalize data preparation for ISWSLT.\n\n4. [PERSON3]: Collaborate with [PERSON8] to finalize the data preparation for ISWSLT.\n\n5. [PERSON1]: Coordinate with [PERSON10] on the regular data flow and integration. Communicate with [PERSON4] to address and fix the issue regarding the [unintelligible].", -1], ["20230915:112751", "user", " Is the slot for regular meetings set already ?", 0], ["20230915:112757", "assistant", "Based on the transcript, it was mentioned that a Doodle poll was created to determine the availability for regular meetings. However, it is not explicitly stated whether the slot for regular meetings has been set. It is important to check the Doodle poll and ensure that all participants have filled it out to determine the most suitable time for regular meetings.", 1], ["20230915:113218", "user", " Who is trying to make webster kit connection working ?", 0], ["20230915:113223", "assistant", "According to the transcript, [PERSON5] is the person who mentioned that they are trying to make the Webster Kit connection work. They discuss using the Webster Kit for uploading data to either the Online Text Club or another platform, and they are exploring the possibility of using a plain Webster Kit connection for more predictability and ease of use.", 1], ["20230915:113544", "user", " Who has the goal to compress his multiple scripts into one ?", 0], ["20230915:113548", "assistant", "According to the transcript, [PERSON10] has the goal of compressing multiple scripts into one. They mentioned that they currently have separate scripts for converting data and extracting common words, but their aim is to combine these scripts into a single one. The purpose of this consolidation is to streamline the process and make it more efficient.", 1], ["20230915:113908", "user", " What should (PERSON1) ask to (PERSON4) ?", 0], ["20230915:113914", "assistant", "Based on the transcript, (PERSON1) is asked to contact (PERSON4) regarding fixing an issue related to the [unintelligible]. The exact details of what (PERSON1) should ask (PERSON4) are not explicitly mentioned in the transcript. However, it can be inferred that (PERSON1) needs to discuss the issue and seek assistance or clarification from (PERSON4) to resolve it. The specific questions or information to be communicated to (PERSON4) would depend on the nature and details of the issue at hand.", -1], ["20230915:114140", "user", " Who was busy with exams ?", 0], ["20230915:114144", "assistant", "According to the transcript, [PERSON10] mentioned being busy with exams. They apologized for their availability being limited due to their exam preparations.", 1], ["20230915:114340", "user", " What does [PERSON8] have to do next ?", 0], ["20230915:114350", "assistant", "Based on the transcript, [PERSON8] has several tasks to work on next:\n\n1. [PERSON8] is working on speech segmentation and is planning to train and fix the empty modules to work on prefixes.\n\n2. [PERSON8] mentioned receiving files from [PERSON11] and will be downloading and processing them for further testing.\n\n3. [PERSON8] is also working on fixing the tool for English segmentation to capitalize the first letter of proper nouns. They mentioned the need to manually perform this for the Czech segmenter as well.\n\n4. [PERSON8] expressed the importance of preparing data for the ISWSLT (International Workshop on Spoken Language Translation) test. This task will require collaboration with [PERSON3] to finalize the data preparation.\n\nIn summary, [PERSON8] needs to continue working on speech segmentation, process files, fix the segmentation tool, and collaborate on data preparation for the ISWSLT test.", 0]]}