{"model": "gpt-3.5-turbo-16k", "pre_system": "The following is the transcript of a meeting with multiple participants, where each line has a timestamp (e.g. 11:58:37 AM means 11h58mn37s am), the speaker's name and their utterance.", "post_system": "\n\nAs a professional conversational assistant, you can respond to any questions about the meeting, and you can make inferences from the transcripts.", "transcript": "(PERSON10) Hi [PERSON12], yeah, it works.\nSo you have to unute unmute yourself, but I can see that you have joined.\n(PERSON12) Hello, can you hear me now?\n(PERSON10) Yes, yes, it works.\n(PERSON12) Ah, great.\nHi, [PERSON10].\n(PERSON10) <unintelligible/> yeah.\n(PERSON12) Okay, thank you.\n(PERSON10) So I'm happy that- to see that it works even without any installation.\n(PERSON12) Yeah, yeah.\nWe we we'd always said that we should download the <unintelligible/>\nand our IT's very restrictive.\nWe we we are not allowed to install something,\nbut then, we found the link with says <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON10) Yes, yes exactly.\n(PERSON12) So okay.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, yeah.\n(PERSON12) Great, thank you.\n(PERSON10) So talk to in a second.\nYeah, or enough in in a couple of minutes.\n(PERSON12) Sure, sure.\nSure, sure.\n(PERSON22) Hi everyone.\n(PERSON3) Hello everyone.\n(PERSON10) Hi.\nI'm happy uh to see that it works for all of you.\n(PERSON3) Great.\n(PERSON10) Okay, well, it seems that we have many people already.\nUh, great.\nThanks for joining.\nAh-\n(PERSON9) Good morning.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, so we have [ORGANIZATION2].\nWe still don't have anyone from uh, [ORGANIZATION11], right?\nSo let's wait a little while for little while.\nBut uh, uh, the it's good to see you after uh, all this all these complications with Covid.\n[PERSON14] seems kind of ah, yeah, frozen.\n<laugh/>\nI don't know whether the picture is frozen or [PERSON14] is frozen.\n<laugh/>\nOr whether this is just uh, a photo.\n<laugh/>\n It's probably just a photo.\n<laugh/>\n(PERSON14) Just a profile picture.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, okay.\n<laugh/>\nSo good to uh, um, good to uh, good to have you all all of you here.\nThere is something [PERSON14], which we need to discuss uh, directly.\nAnd that's the it's actually mentioned.\nUh, here is the organization of the IWSLT presentations.\nSo do do you have any preference or d- do you have any idea how do we do it?\nBecause [PERSON16] already asks uh, asked a while ago.\nUh, are you making any steps in this, or decisions?\n(PERSON14) No, I haven't done any steps and decisions,\nI thought sort of you'd ask with doing it-\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON14) And the, coordinating.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON14) So what what's your propose?\nI mean, what we have proposed in the a in the offline track seems quite a reasonable.\nI don't think that-\n(PERSON10) Uh, w- which is why I haven't really read that yet?\n<unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON14) So they have-\nI've tried to remember.\nSo they organizing a panel, so we shouldn't do that I guess.\n(PERSON10) Okay.\n(PERSON14) And then they always have 2 time slots for the presentation of the papers.\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON14) The papers can- also the presentations, can be pre-recorded,\nbut uh, then podcast um, at an European time zone time slot\nattend, attend US time zone time slot\nand then you have to be available for a questions I guess to in that time.\nI have to look it up exactly.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, yeah, yeah and and the panel, so so do we really want?-\n(PERSON14) And they they are going to have a panel, exactly.\nSo we shouldn't organize another one as well.\nI don't think so.\nI think one panel should be enough.\n(PERSON10) Yes, exactly.\nSo yeah, exactly.\nSo let's let's no organize a panel, let's just do the-\nSo we will need to have probably pre-recorded summary of the results uh, presentation.\n(PERSON14) Well, we have to pick which paper, uh, probably one paper I guess.\nUh, I I have to look it up again.\nSo which paper is sort of suppose to be presented as an <unintelligible/> paper?\n(PERSON10) Oh, that is strange because independently,\n[PERSON8] has received a request from the main organizers to prepare a video for his-\nWell, the [PROJECT5] submission and-\n(PERSON14) Okay, then-\nYeah, that's 2, so we-\nThere was a selection process, which ones to select for-\n(PERSON10) Okay.\n(PERSON14) Okay, so that's taken care of then I guess.\nI still have to look at it and then we have to prepare for the posters.\n(PERSON10) Yes.\n(PERSON14) I guess, that's also taken care of then.\nI mean, the deadline was already uh, 3 days ago\nand and deadline was given by ACL so-\n(PERSON10) For the decisions.\nUh, for -\n(PERSON14) Exactly.\n(PERSON10) For, for the timing.\n(PERSON14) For the for the decisions of-\nSo for what I've understand understood from [PERSON16], it's <unintelligible/> wanted to know\nand 24 was everything sort of.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\nSo hopefully there is only one slot for us to present the overall results\nand the rest is hopefully done across all the tasks.\nThat will be like -\n(PERSON14) Let me let me see, I'm-\nOkay, I have to saw that because I've got maybe 2 dozen or more emails on that topic.\n(PERSON10) Um, yeah, yeah, yeah.\nSo have I and -\n<laugh/>\n(PERSON14) And so [PERSON16]'s latest proposal was-\nSo over your paper will be exactly um, podcast.\nTwice at 9 am and 6 pm Seattle time, so essentially, European time, US time.\nUh, with different speakers or papers will be pre-recorded.\n20 minutes poster, 5 minutes pre-recording uh, pre-recorded talks <unintelligible/>.\nOkay, he says, he wants to organize workshop workshops sessions of 1 or each 1 evaluation.\nTricks.\nSo might we that we have to organize a -\n(PERSON10) 1 or -\n(PERSON14) 1 or) 10 or something session.\n(PERSON10) Okay.\n(PERSON14) Workshop session of on that record.\nBut I I guess, that would be to very <unintelligible/> with -\n(PERSON10) To file <unintelligible/> but that was too quick for uh, for the decision\nand he had to uh, respond immediately.\nSo well, okay.\nYeah.\n(PERSON14) Well, as for <unintelligible/> then I've understood that he basically,\nhe worked the thing I think <unintelligible/> something and report by Monday or <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, which I've failed to doing time because I had other things as well.\nOkay.\n(PERSON14) I I didn't see the emails before Monday because we've had a long weekend.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\nOkay, thank you for your update.\nIn the meantime, uh, I think everybody has joined.\nUm, we don't have [ORGANIZATION4] here, but they are not in the project.\nAnd I don't know whether they were officially uh, reminded <laugh/> about the meeting.\nSo they could only uh, watch, but share their mind.\nJust the question who is this Me Firefox cross?\n<laugh/>\nSomeone someone's name is uh, Me Firefox, uh.\nWould you know, who who that person is?\nI can probably unmute the person,\nbut I don't know, whether that would be polite enough to unmute someone.\n<laugh/>\nWell, lets hope, that there is no sp- yep.\nSo -\n(PERSON1) I talk to you [PERSON10].\n<another_language/>\n(PERSON10) Great, okay, so this is actually the [ORGANIZATION4].\nSo this is [PERSON7].\n<laugh/>\nUh, so we have everybody.\nUh, great.\nThanks for joining.\nLet's try to be quick uh, again.\nBut there is lot of things that we have to discuss.\nSo uh, you have seen the agenda before.\nIf you have any, uh, things that you would like to bring uh, up on the agenda,\nuh, please, put them there right now.\nAnd also make sure to to to have your <unintelligible/>, if I'm s- talking all the time.\nUh, uh, so let's start with the um, um, with the uh, uh, the the postponed review.\nSo it's seems, that people have not uh-\nSo [PERSON11], uh, please, let let us know what this doodle is.\nThis is that we need to figure out, the date.\n(PERSON22) Okay, so it's because the the review will postpone till September.\nAnd we should give uh, our project officer the new ah, a new date.\nAnd I see more people finally voted it, so-\n(PERSON10) So maybe we'd-\nUh, we have [ORGANIZATION6], we have uh, [PERSON2].\nYeah, so maybe there is a chance to to pick a date.\nOkay, so thanks for thanks for your vote\nand we'll see uh, what what comes out and we'll let you know maybe already now.\nSo then the financial tables.\nThis is a preparation uh, for the new official submission.\nSo since we have there you only in September,\nuh, then there is uh, uh, time enough to have all the numbers in their final form.\nUh, I don't know about about your your institutions,\nat our institutions, we normally can provide the final numbers at the earliest like 2 weeks or 3 weeks\nafter the respective month has ended.\nAnd since the 1st period, which we are reviewing end with June,\nwe cannot have the official numbers from our part earlier then in mid July, or towards the end of July.\nI expect the same applies to you.\nAnd the EU gives us 2 months actually to to finalize these numbers.\nSo we ask for the financial tables with the deadline of May uh, for like a testing purposes.\nUh, so that it we would get an estimate from you  um, uh,\nand we would also like double check that you are sending as the numbers, that we understand\nuh, and uh, that we can put it together\nand that everything makes sense already before the uh, the final dates.\nSo uh, is anybody uh, missing?\n[ORGANIZATION5], yes.\nSo we would like to get uh, um, uh, these estimate uh, numbers from [ORGANIZATION5].\nAnd uh, we will review those, that we have received\nand please, be ready to to have the final versions of these,\nwhich includes June um, spendings um, in mid July, or late July.\nAnd from that point, uh, until the end of August,\nwe have to finalize it and send it as as 1 of the report,\nor maybe fill it in uh, in the online system,\nso that the EU knows.\nSo expect that at the boundary of July and August, there would be some paper with necessary on your side\nand especially in your respective financial departments.\nBut everything-\nThe content should be already pretty clear after this dry run with uh, with the May preview of that.\nUh, are we aware of any problems there?\nDo we expect any- anything strange, anything like unforeseen and un- un- unplanned?\nTo any to -\n(PERSON20) Hi [PERSON10],  um, um, I'm in here from [ORGANIZATION5].\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON20) No, we we don't expect any problems.\nThe only thing is um, that we're not turn out to see the numbers from our colleagues, all the salaries.\n(PERSON10) Okay.\n(PERSON20) That's the reason why we already have to put it to our of finance department\nand they come back with number.\n(PERSON10) Yes.\n(PERSON20) So that-\n(PERSON10) That is okay.\n(PERSON20) <unintelligible/> we are late, that's that's -\n(PERSON10) That is totally okay.\n(PERSON20) We we can't estimated it because we don't know all the salaries.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, yeah.\n(PERSON20) That's that's the thing why we'd be late.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, this this numbers should come from your financial department anyway as sum.\nIt it's not uh, like separated by by individual people, so-\n(PERSON20) Yeah.\n(PERSON10) This is this is all uh, standard.\n(PERSON20) Yeah, yeah.\n(PERSON10) Still, I would like you to get in touch,\nor maybe link directly you financial people with uh, with us.\n(PERSON20) Um-hum.\n(PERSON10) So that we know, that we understand the tables the same way.\n(PERSON20) Yep, yep.\n(PERSON10) That's the purpose-\n(PERSON20) Yeah, that's-\n(PERSON10) That is the purpose that is the purpose of the the like dry run,\nuh, uh, which uh, which was due uh, end of May.\n(PERSON20) Okay, okay, great, we will do this.\n(PERSON10) So yeah, so this this dry run should happen anyway.\n(PERSON20) Um-hum.\n(PERSON10) The numbers will be a- approximate, but it's to test whether we understand each other.\nAnd then in July, it would be easy to get the uh, final numbers.\n(PERSON20) Okay, great we will we will tell the -\nWe have 1 1 person in our finance department, who was responsible for the E- European stuff,\nso we all European projects will talk to <unintelligible/> she will come back to us.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, okay.\n(PERSON20) Okay, thank you.\n(PERSON10) Uh, thank, you.\nSo then the most important, uh, stuff to deal with is the large- pretty large set of deliverables.\nHere are the Overleaf links.\nUh, and we have the reviewer chosen.\nUh, we don't have a reviewer for the report on NLP technologies.\n(PERSON14) I can do that I guess.\n(PERSON10) Either, yes, either you, or I thought that it could even be [ORGANIZATION5].\nBecause it is a workshop, which was planned and it will happen,\nonce once it happen, once it happens for lay people.\nSo for people not uh, not familiar with NLP technologies at all.\nUh, so it could uh, thanks for volunteering,\nI'm I'm searching for uh, the appropriate uh-huh, appropriate <unintelligible/>, but it's-\nI have to see it elsewhere, so that I don't disturb in my office\nand that's pretty annoying.\n<parallel_talk/> Um, where is the?-\nI don't see the uh, yeah, the the numbers are too- <parallel_talk/>\nUh, sorry, too too small screen.\n<laugh/>\nYeah, that's it.\nUh, so the uh, the reviewer for -\nAnd we don't uh, yeah.\nThe reviewer on spoken language translation, which is overseen by [ORGANIZATION11] is also missing.\nUh, I don't know who could do that because it's -\nWe are all in involved.\n(PERSON14) It's it's [PERSON3] in my table that I see.\n(PERSON10) Oh, you see [PERSON3] as a reviewer?\n(PERSON22) Y- yes, because it's in the [ORGANIZATION12] doc, but not in the-\n(PERSON10) Oh, okay.\nOkay, so I'm looking at the sheet.\nSo that's [PERSON3] is reviewing, that's good.\nUh, and then report and dissemination.\nSo that's another important thing.\nThis a report, that has to be written by [ORGANIZATION5],\nbut everybody should contribute their data.\nSo uh, if you haven't done so yet,\nplease, make sure to enter all your dissemination activities remote, or in person,\nwhich obviously was limited, into the continuous reporting table.\nThe link for the continues reporting table is just uh, on um, uh, under the page break here.\nSo yeah.\nThat's uh, the 7.4 for please be aware,\nthat everyone needs to uh, needs to fill this uh, Google sheet.\nSo that is an-\n(PERSON20) [PERSON10]?\n(PERSON10) Yep?\n(PERSON20) Sorry, may may I say something about it?\n(PERSON10) Yep.\n(PERSON20) Um, thanks again, for for for saying that we need more input.\nUm, especially what we were we need especially more input is in the scientific dissemination part\nand the workshop and NLP technologies.\nAlso, what would be very good,\nif you participated on trade 1st,\nor after Covid 19 outbreak on a kind of online <unintelligible/> online <unintelligible/>.\nJust let us know, so we can integrate it in our report.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\nSo about the- about the workshop, uh, I suggest, that we actually say,\nthat more details are in this separate deliverable, the 7.2.\nBecause the workshop actually did not take place.\nThere were preparations and we will write -\n(PERSON20) Um-hum.\n(PERSON10) What the preparations were, when dids any dry run sessions happen,\nwhat was the planned content of the workshops,\nor the like the the workshop as package is essentially ready.\nIt was just not delivered because  the the Covid crisis.\nSo there is uh, like no dissemination actually happened, but the-\n<laugh/>\n(PERSON20) But the preparation for dissemination.\n<laugh/>\n(PERSON10) Yeah, but preparation for-\n<laugh/>\n(PERSON20) <laugh/>\n(PERSON4) Can I <unintelligible/> ask for clarification here?\nSo I see that uh, someone also entered the papers, which they published.\nShould we do that also in this dissemination sheet?\nWhen we published a papers and and name [PROJECT5] is is not <unintelligible/> should be put in <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON10) Uh, that's a good question.\nSo it-\nWe should report all the papers somewhere and maybe these dise\nSo so a definitely, we need to collect all the information,\nideally Bibtech uh, uh, entries from my point of view.\nFor all the papers, which acknowledge uh, [PROJECT5].\nUh, and the yes, let's let's probably think that the best place is indeed this this report.\nIf there is some other online -\n(PERSON14) It's it's it's partipi- participation to a conference so,\nI mean, usually we participate to a conference, where we published a paper.\n(PERSON4) That's fair.\nWhat is the expected number of people at IWSLT and?-\n(PERSON10) Yeah, yeah.\nSo we don't know, but d- that yeah.\nI'm bad with like this table filling thing.\nSo fill something reasonable.\n<laugh/>\nYeah, so um.\n(PERSON19) So should we put a papers into this document?\nI mean, as uh, [PERSON21] has.\nUm.\nI'm not sure that-\nIt doesn't seem a great format really, but -\n(PERSON10) Yeah, exactly doesn't seem uh, as a good format.\n(PERSON22) The- in the pre-review, which we had uh -\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON22) During the autumn, we put uh, the papers only into like into the text.\nWe -\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON22) But we didn't fill them into this table.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON22) So only if you went- if you were attending a conference,\nI think, we have put it here, but otherwise if we just were,\nwell, if there was a paper we-\n(PERSON19) I I understood, that some kind of semi-automated system for getting papers\nand the EU units open IRA or something like that.\nSo.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON19) We- I mean, we have- [ORGANIZATION11] had fill in our papers and think of <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON19) And it's automatic, like to this open IRA.\n(PERSON10) Okay.\n(PERSON19) Automatically, the EU can get it.\nWell, I assume is not fully automatic.\nThere must be some steps like as an [PROJECT5] paper.\n(PERSON10) We'll have to check.\nSo the uh, I remember, that someone told me that if we simply put the papers into our Biblio,\nwhich is our bibliographical system, then it will get there somehow.\n(PERSON19) Yeah.\nThat's a similar.\nI don't know what magic happens in between, but there is -\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON19) I mean, it's probably not complete magic.\nBut that that seems a better solution than than putting -\n(PERSON10) Yeah, so here for-\n(PERSON19) The spread sheet.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, for for this spread sheet, [PERSON21] has put the paper is here\nand [PERSON6] has is now putting the IWSLT uh, paper.\nBut I suggest, that we put here uh, rather the things,\nwhich do not have a paper associated.\nSo um, uh, that that that happens.\nThey're like uh, if you have an invited talk at the conference uh,\nthen this is what what would not appear in open air.\nUh, and uh, still you want to mention that.\nSo for regular paper submissions, which have a conference presentation,\nI would not put them into this table.\nI would put here all the things that uh, are not associated with the paper.\nSo the the sum of our dissemination activities will be this table plus the papers.\nSo we'll we'll check the open air uh, thing\nand we'll check how the the uses that um-\nIt's possible, I remember that in the past projects, such as in <unintelligible/>,\nyou've asked us for Bibtech entries uh, of the papers.\nAnd I don't know what you did with that as the coordinator <unintelligible/> then.\n(PERSON19) <laugh/>\nSo so that was ideal because-\nOkay, so I created the website from Bibtech, which was okay.\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON19) Um, there was some style for <unintelligible/>.\nBut then we had put into the EU system and and ended u- ended up my new process.\n(PERSON10) Okay.\n(PERSON19) I'd to conv- I converted Bibtech into spreadsheet ago, somebody in the office type it in.\nShe might stop all the checks names-\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n<laugh/>\n(PERSON19) And then somebody else so fixed all, so that was really about process.\nUm, ideally, this open IRA pure or whatever.\nIt's the way to go I just don't fully know how it works.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, so this for us.\nSo [PERSON11], please make sure that we we do it,\nthat we examine like what has to be done,\nand we'll let you know in a week or 2 uh, in what format we need your papers.\nUh, so the Bibtech for me seems natural,\nbut there is a big risk,\nthat there will be this manual conversion necessary then on on our side.\nSo maybe, if we figure out the official format better,\nthen uh, we can ask you for the appropriate format right away,\nor possibly, if your universities have uh, a system, which already handles these papers,\nthen it may get to open -\nI don't really know what open air is.\nSo uh, th- there is chance, that it goes there automatically from big research institution,\nsuch as universities.\nAnd then we need to check that everything got there.\nYeah, yeah, so this is this is an assignment for uh, for us.\nUh, okay, so uh, uh, for back to the deliverables.\nUm, the uh, so we have reviewers for uh, everything except the project management guide initial and updates.\nAnd there uh, someone who is experienced with some management,\nbut [PERSON22] has already volunteered to do ASR systems.\nSo let's -\n(PERSON22) And maybe [PERSON14]?\n(PERSON10) So there is 2 deliverables uh, that -\n(PERSON14) Sure, sure I can do it.\n(PERSON10) Yeah?\n<laugh/>\nSo in that case -\n(PERSON14) Then [ORGANIZATION5] can do the NLP and-\n(PERSON10) Exactly.\n(PERSON14) And I do the exciting management.\n(PERSON10) Exactly, yes.\n<laugh/>\nYeah, thank you.\nSo so who from [ORGANIZATION5]?\nWould that be [PERSON12] uh, to review the report on NLP technologies workshop?\n(PERSON12) Uh, might it would not be me, I guess it would some of our developers.\nUh, so I have to talk to <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON10) It will be it it will be-\nThat's as I said, the workshop is for people not familiar with NLP.\n(PERSON12) Oh, okay.\nUm, yeah so well,\n<laugh/>\nif I'm not have to be familiar with with that -\n(PERSON10) Yes.\n(PERSON12) NLP I guess, I I'm the right person.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, yeah.\n(PERSON12) So yeah, yeah.\nI would do this, yeah.\n(PERSON10) Yep.\nSo great.\nSo we have reviewers in the table written for all the deliverables.\nI'm not going to open the Overleafs now,\nbut you have the Overleaf links here,\nand uh, all the main authors responsible sites know,\nwhat uh, what is the status uh, of each of these deliverables.\nRemember, that we agreed to have them, essentially by the end of uh, this week or on Monday.\nAnd that's the that's the time, where you should send it to uh, your re- reviewer of the deliverable.\nSo that the reviewer has uh, 2 weeks to uh, to processes that uh,\nand then you have 1 week to incorporate the changes.\nAnd we need to submit all these deliverables uh, uh, at the latest on June, on the last of June.\nSo I think, that we're generally doing good.\nWe-\nI know of that some of the deliverables have not-\nYeah, well, started yet.\nAnd there will negotiate with with the respective reviewer to to-\nWe will buy some extra time for from them.\nUh, but uh, across the board, I think, that we are proceeding reasonably well.\nSo if you have any questions,\nany any like problems with partners, not contributing to your deliverable, please, mention that.\nSo that so that everybody is aware that uh, it's not just the main author,\nbut obviously all the participating sites, who have to contribute.\nBut I think everybody knows their job\nand everybody is um, doing a great job, actually.\nUh, uh, so one thing, which is still not fully clear to me, is that this uh-\nWe will write the report the the the 7.2\nuh, uh, about all the preparations uh, and stating that the workshop has actually not taken place.\nBut uh, uh, [PERSON5] also said,\nthat they are proposing a partial report for milestones\nbecause they are also associated milestones,\num, uh, and uh, these milestones normally do not have report.\nSo I'm kind of confused, what what should we do here?\nThese are milestone for the events, which were postponed.\nUh, so uh, we will have to check and [PERSON11] that's again something for us to do.\nWhat exactly should we should we do for an event, which has a milestone,\nbut the event has not taken uh, place.\nYep.\nThe but the now at the same time,\nwe received this information, that we leave that milestone.\nOkay, that's confusing.\nSo we we'll sort out.\nSo uh, if you have missed that information.\nThe new Congress date is already uh, known.\nIt luckily falls still within our project uh,\nand reasonably uh, within that.\nIt's from 30th of May to the 3rd of June 2021.\nAnd the workshop itself will be on the 1st of uh, June.\nUh, so that's that's good.\nPlease, block these dates.\nAnd since you have so much time ahead,\nmaybe you can consider planning at a visit to [LOCATION1].\nIt would be a good thing uh, anyway to uh, to see each other in in person.\nSo yep.\nUm, okay.\nThen, the demo.\nThat's something, which kept us pretty busy\nand it's still uh, keeps us a pretty busy.\nUh, despite all the problems and and the unfortunate postponing, that we had to do -\n(PERSON22) If we inform [PERSON5] about the new date.\n(PERSON10) Uh, so we don't have the date.\nSo I would like to ask [PERSON15], what is the curr- and and also [ORGANIZATION2].\nWhat is the current status and and the newest messages <laugh/> about.\n(PERSON14) It seems like since yesterday afternoon we have permanent power again.\n(PERSON10) Okay.\n(PERSON14) <unintelligible/> so successful.\nI'm still waiting for the all-clear report\nand  with a all uh, service have come up successfully again,\nsome of the uh, file service, we are still doing file system checks,\nbut it looks like we should be back to operation walls.\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\nThat's good.\n(PERSON3) Wonderful.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, that's that's that's uh, that's great, actually.\nSo uh, we have also as you know, we have experience uh, power outages ourselves,\nand the everything is unstable.\nSo uh, there is still the risk, that every- that something will will fail,\nbut I think that it is now good time to uh, to ask for the uh, date,\nuh, for the new date with the project officer, right?\n(PERSON20) I think so.\nI mean -\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\nSo so [PERSON15], could you again please prepare a an internal pole?\nSo that we like uh, with with a large number of dates,\nthat we reduce the number of dates, that we offer to the uh, project officer.\nAnd then, please, everybody filling this quickly.\nUh, so that we can hopefully email uh, the options to [PERSON5].\nUh, co- could you email him tomorrow?\nWith the options, obviously, not not the date choice.\n(PERSON3) <laugh/>\nUh, well, um, first, I would like to check the demo again\nand check that all these services are running uh.\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON3) Um.\n(PERSON10) Okay, so let's let's-\n(PERSON3) I would like-\n<laugh/>\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON3) Solution running before sending a new date.\n(PERSON10) It was-\nIt it I know, that you have been in doing this even after the the postponed uh, dates\nand and [PERSON18] is doing this regularly.\n(PERSON3) Yes.\n(PERSON10) So so I think that e- everything is actually working, but yes, I I understand.\nSo so lets do the internal pole,\nuh, and let's fill it uh, the internal pole during the end of this week.\nAnd then uh, on Monday, or Tuesday the latest,\nuh, let's have the dates um, um, ready the options, ready for [PERSON5].\nAnd let's give them the-\nUh, I'm pushing this earlier as because like we are getting quite far into June,\nsince there would be again some delay,\n1 day until they decide, what they what they they would prefer.\nUh, so it seems like uh, uh, the best week for the demo would be if around the 15th\nlike from in the 2nd half of June, essentially.\n(PERSON3) Um-hum, yes.\n(PERSON10) Right?\n(PERSON3) I agree, I agree.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\nYeah, so that's-\nUh, if if we send uh, [PERSON5] the options uh, very early next week,\nthen uh, the choices validate from uh, the uh, 2nd half of June would make sense.\nSo let's let's do that.\nYeah, so -\n(PERSON3) Okay.\n(PERSON10)  Yep.\nSo the demo will tentatively take place in in on 1 of the days um, uh, of the  uh, in the 2nd half of June.\nUh, okay, uh, s- yeah s- so with the demo,\nthere we have uh, had some very interesting experience ourselves uh,\nall of us uh, in the technical team.\nAnd uh, there are 2 messages, that I uh, like take from this.\nUh, so 1 of the messages is that we actually should have all our components replicated uh,\nat all other at at some other sides.\nSo everybody uh, should uh, make sure that uh, for each of his workers,\nthere is uh, another site, who can also run the same worker.\nUh, nd we have done this now for [ORGANIZATION2] workers\nbecause there were uh, the the actual problems.\nUh, we are able if I'm not mistaken, to run some of the [ORGANIZATION11] MT systems.\nUh, and what we have not done is to provide our systems to others, yet.\nUh, so the actually, o- our side is now the least the least safe for for this demo.\nAnd this is something, that uh, I would like uh, to ask [PERSON18] to to do.\n[PERSON22] proposed a dockerisation.\nWe don't really use docker our servers because of these pseudo access needs.\nUh, but we do uh, or other colleagues, not not me, uh, do it on some virtual machines.\nUh, so we'll see uh, m- I was curious uh, yeah, uh, yeah.\nSo [PERSON22] has no experience.\nI was curious about this singularity.\nUh, that's the rootless uh, uh, docker.\nUh, so uh-\n(PERSON4) We we do use docker that way.\nYou do have to said, you'd have to a route once to set the permission on the docker socket.\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON4) And make your user part of the docker group,\nbut after that, you don't need to run docker.\n(PERSON10) But then, you need still-\n(PERSON4) It's still insecure in a way because the-\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON4) The actual docker stuff is running as root.\nAnd and files that the docker wr- writes back back to your <unintelligible/> system, will be owned by root,\nuh, which can mean convenient.\nBut in principle, you can run docker containers without root.\n(PERSON19) I I mean, we we and all <unintelligible/> and other projects some worker\nand we deliver MT system dockerized.\nWe don't <unintelligible/> exists were dockerizing systems,\nbut we kind of know how to do it um-\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON19) It really seems a much better way to go,\nthan than giving people my new instructs since [ORGANIZATION4] some pieces [ORGANIZATION4] fair.\nI mean, I I know dockers're p- not perfect\nand sometimes you get a docker and you can get it to run,\nbut if we gonna have have this this architects,\nwe have all each different components to in different things.\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON19) Uh, really, it it's- it's made for containerization.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON19) And the root thing should be something, that you can work around than me.\nAnd I I don't know because registers we've a run servers,\nbut I'm I'm really surprised, that your IT system are just like no docker.\nThat's not or-\n(PERSON10) Well, no, there, they said, no docker on cluster.\nUh, so and they have like virtual machines uh, which then are okay for uh, running docker.\n(PERSON19) Right.\nRight, okay.\n(PERSON10) So there is -\n(PERSON19) <unintelligible/> docker plays nicely with the ID approach machines\nbecause the you <unintelligible/> fire up, in many machine.\n(PERSON10) Yep.\n(PERSON19) 1 to and just -\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON19) You you yes, you kind a need a things dockerized otherwise,\nor some you need some components.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, so we will so we will investigate what exactly can we do\nand we'll try to package our systems and get back to [PERSON22] and uh,\nand also [PERSON6] for for this system.\nSo the question, that I have here now is-\nBecause we have the ASR systems for Czech, that's [PROJECT2] based.\n(PERSON19) Um-hum.\n(PERSON10) We also have some some Jasper based,\nbut these are not integrated yet because of the missing segmentation.\nUh, and uh, um, we have [PROJECT3], or [PROJECT4] systems.\nAnd uh, I think, that it would make sense uh, if uh, if we made sure,\nthat the ASR systems could be run at [ORGANIZATION2] and the translation systems in [ORGANIZATION11].\nOr would you propose any other uh, like back up partners?\n(PERSON19) Seems fine to us I mean.\nYeah, I suppose it would be easier for us some run [PROJECT3] and [PROJECT4].\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON19) Yeah.\n(PERSON4) Yeah.\n(PERSON1) Yeah, sounds reasonable to me as well.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, okay.\nSo we will try that.\nI'm not sure if we -\n(PERSON4) 1 guestion?\n(PERSON10) Yeah?\n(PERSON8) What this ASR what is it should be used?\n(PERSON10) Um.\n(PERSON8) No, No, [PROJECT2] uses CPU.\n(PERSON10) Yep.\n(PERSON19) But but they're no running, I mean as a called back up, isn't it?\n(PERSON10) This is a called back up, but it should be it like tested once, in case we need it.\n(PERSON4) Should be able to run.\n(PERSON10) It should be able to run, yes.\n(PERSON19) Well, yeah.\n<laugh/>\nYou don't you don't need to <unintelligible/> GPU for these systems <unintelligible/> you're asking.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, yeah.\nOnly in emergency, but ek- as as [PERSON8] said, uh, and yeah, I also had that impression.\n[PROJECT2] is CPU based.\nOn the other hand the punctuator is GPU based, right?\n(PERSON17) Uh, no, it it <unintelligible/> some some CPU.\n(PERSON10) And was it fast enough?\nI remember we had some problems with this.\n(PERSON17) I think [PERSON8] <unintelligible/> fixed it.\n(PERSON10) Okay, you said, that there was the like the old Python virtual environment\nand everything got fixed when the virtual environment was recreated.\n(PERSON17) Ye- yeah.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, okay.\n(PERSON17) But it c- it can run on GPU, I think.\nOn <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON10) Uh, okay.\nUh, s- uh, so and the punctuator, should we give it also to [ORGANIZATION2], or to someone else?\n(PERSON19) <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON10) Uh, yeah, uh, if I'm not mistaken.\n(PERSON19) <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON19) Well.\n(PERSON9) Uh, sorry guys, please-\n(PERSON10) Um-hum?\n(PERSON9) That of [ORGANIZATION2], we are um, we have the uh, virtual machine for [ORGANIZATION2] services up and running.\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON9) If you if you mean um, space, or another virtual machine, or or whatever.\nThe the only um, uh, open point for me is the uh, GPU configuration.\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON9) Because actually, I I have to ask before, but <laugh/> our virtual machine, you know, with the-\n(PERSON10) With the GPU, yeah.\n(PERSON9) But please, remember, that of course, we are able to-\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON9) Support you.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\nSo we could we could give to to to spread it across the consortium,\nwe could give the punctuator to [ORGANIZATION6].\n<laugh/>\n(PERSON9) <laugh/>\n(PERSON19) I mean I mean that's that's also the way to do it.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON19)  Just <unintelligible/> like a virtual machine image.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, yeah.\n(PERSON19) You just fire up, an- anyone can fire up, it's not like you have to you have to call-\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON19) Like [ORGANIZATION11], get them to run it.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON19) I I don't know that's easier, but I mean it it's more more flexible.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, yeah.\nI haven't since I haven't really done it, it's uh, it's hard for me to access, so we-\n(PERSON19) I know, I know.\n(PERSON10) You know.\nUh, okay, so that's good, we know what to do.\nI don't know whether we'll manage to have these systems package before the demo,\nbut hopefully uh, there won't be any power outage an our uh, at our site.\n(PERSON19) <laugh/>\n(PERSON10) <laugh/>\nSo that was the 1 thing, that I've learnt,\nthat we must not uh, that that we must have uh, rep- replicated uh, components across the site.\nAnd the other very important message, that I've learnt was that we must avoid updating the systems before the demo.\nSo we should- the the way I've put it is that we should have like a a production system\nand a development system, a complete setup.\nAnd the production system has to be stable without any new segmenters, any new updates for a long period of time.\nBecause the whole uh,  pipeline is pretty complex\nand the interdepencies interdependencies are are very like uh, the the it's it's sensitive to to all the little details.\nSo the performance can be immediately killed by introducing a better segmenter,\nuh, w- the caching  of which is not in perfect line with caching of of the machine translation system.\n(PERSON19) Yeah, I mean [PERSON10], you're you're basically asking again you're asking for sort of more professional software setup.\n(PERSON10) Yep.\n(PERSON19) Really, you're asking for a staging in a production and development-\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON19)  Ranges this kind of thing.\nUm, and again,  as <laugh/> that's also very compatible with things like <unintelligible/> with dockerization and-\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON19) And thing the like.\nBut you know, it it t- takes <unintelligible/> to run it, it doesn't-\n(PERSON10) Yep.\n(PERSON19) Yep, It does no <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\nExactly.\nSo uh, uh, so maybe, uh, uh, obviously, we are not a software company\nand uh, our resources for these are limited.\nSo I I take all the excuses that you will come up with to in order to avoid uh, this need.\nUh, to to put it in our terms, or to put it in our setting,\nuh, is the main message, that I would like to ask all the partners\nto avoid doing any updates to their workers shortly before the demo.\nAnd shortly means like week or 2 perhaps.\nSo if you, so we had that we had this like a surge of activity,\nwhen people were really trying to help the demo.\nAnd aside from the the bomb and and power outage it [ORGANIZATION2],\nthis also put the demo at very big risk.\n(PERSON19) Um.\n(PERSON10) So may be you have not realized it, the demo postponed for other reasons,\nbut by this this- last m- last day activities um, we could have uh, d- destroyed our- the demo ourselves.\nEven without the the power outage.\n(PERSON19) See, we need to <unintelligible/> feature for use, basically.\n(PERSON10) Yes, yes, exactly.\n(PERSON19) Yes, yeah.\n(PERSON10) Uh, so um, and at the same time  uh, we we want to test the uh, the uh, components uh, better components\nbecause I know, that [PERSON6] had something which could be very uh, very promising for the ASR, right?\nI don't know what is the status of of that.\n[PERSON6], uh?\nCould you have some?-\n(PERSON4) But you mean <unintelligible/>-\n(PERSON10) So I thought -\nSo you've mentioned uh, the that your submission to IWSLT, or paper uh, paper to IWSLT.\n Uh.\n(PERSON4) Uh, right now right now that's text based, still that's right now on- only for the for the MT side.\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON4) I I hope, we didn't that say 1 year update at the SLT.\nBut it's future research.\n(PERSON10) Okay.\nAnd what component is that?\nIs that uh, tec- translation of the uh, of like stream of wor- or?\n(PERSON4) To to put it into a into the mediator terms, that would be unsegmented text to text in another language.\n(PERSON10) Okay, yeah, yeah.\nAnd this works and has a better results.\nFor in your machines.\n(PERSON4) I have not compared it -\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON4) Directly against.\nThis against our models, that's something else I need to do.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON4) But uh, it it works.\n(PERSON10) And the current model, that you have -\n(PERSON4) I don't know, if it is better.\n(PERSON10) Is is English to German.\n(PERSON4) German to English.\n(PERSON10) German to English.\nOkay.\n(PERSON4) But I mean, it's no problem to train it the other way around.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON4) But German to English 1st <unintelligible/> is translation is more interesting directly.\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON4) Because that's one way have we final to not <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON4) With language.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, yeah, yeah.\nUh, so this is exactly a candidate for a thing, which if it work an if it was well integrated,\nit will be great to to demo it.\nBut it also is a big risk uh, for for that set up.\nSo so the way to -\n(PERSON4) That is not in this demo.\nI mean I I'm -\n(PERSON10) Yep.\n(PERSON4) I <unintelligible/> that feel like that is not ready for this demo.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON4) This there is no worker that does this yet and-\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON4) The system is like tested under research conditions only.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.\nThat's, that's actually uh, it's it's uh it's specifies me.\nBecause <laugh/> I always attempted to put the best features there,\nbut if you're saying, that this cannot happen for the demo,\nthen yes, there is less risk, that will break the demo with that.\nUh, so uh, what I wanted to say\nis that we are finally getting to that like kind of regular testing of the systems integrated in the pipeline,\nso that we are- when we are starting a pipeline.\nWe have lockdirs, which record the outputs, including time stamps.\nWe have since the IWSLT uh, some evaluation.\nThis is something, that has to be uh, like double-checked.\nWhether we doing it uh, properly, or whether there're bugs in the in the evaluation uh, implementation,\nuh, this all possible.\nUm, but um, uh, and and we are also working on the [PROJECT5] test set.\nWhich uh, will cover further language pairs and and set-ups than the IWSLT shared task.\nUm, and uh, I would uh, like to have this this ladder climbing approach finally starting.\nThis ladder climbing needs that we'll be regularly testing a new models and new components in the pipeline\nand putting all the results into one single table and that will tell us,\nwhat is our current best technology for this particular set-up.\nAnd the fingerprinting uh, is is quite good uh, to separate uh, the versions of the modules.\nSo that's uh, my idea, that for the demo and other like important things.\nWe would have frozen fingerprints, and for the research,\nthere would be also workers, which are not path parts of the path uh, of this frozen fingerprints,\nbut which are uh, for testing.\nAnd we will be regularly running different set-ups, uh,\nand uh, the the frozen fingerprints would be then uh, the thing to demo.\nAnd for uh, the so and we would obviously move uh,\nlike a research fingerprint to a to a frozen fingerprint, only when we are confident,\nthat all the components are are stable and they play well together.\nSo uh, so starting with this uh, big uh, the software engineering uh, request to properly separate diploid versions\nand and then the still like the the proper staging of of the systems.\nUm, um, I'm actually reducing it to the plan of having frozen fingerprints and research fingerprints.\nUh, and we need to come up with uh, some form of just a uh, having a consist list of this.\nSo that we know, what is stable and and what is frozen.\nUh, yeah, so this is uh, so this this is uh, the the message, that I wanted to uh, to tell you.\nBut at this point uh, I hope, that uh, uh, that [PERSON18] is on top of this \nand that we know, which uh, fingerprint paths do we want to demo for the various um, input documents.\nUh, I'm not going to discuss all that,\nwe have a uh, a separate um, separate Google doc.\nUh, now, since uh, a new date for the demo will be uh, found out.\nUh, I think we again should start these frequent sessions, where would test this.\nSo uh, if [PERSON15] could uh, also propose uh, dates for uh, the dry run c- uh, calls for like demo uh, sessions\nuh, before the demo.\nTe- te- test session before demo.\nUh, that would be great.\n(PERSON3) Okay.\n(PERSON10) Yep.\nAnd uh, uh, in these sessions, we would finalize the fingerprints.\nWe already have the the documents,\nso [PERSON18] has not uh, not filled this yet, but we are in.\nFor some of the videos we actually have the correct transcripts\nuh, and even reference translations uh, for some.\nSo this would allow us to directly evaluate, which systems are the best.\nObviously, this is like a uh, the th- over- overfitting,\nthis is this is already uh, cheating uh, in terms of um, uh, like showing the real the real performance,\nbut I think, that uh, we can do in the demo we can do for example the same video uh, presented twice.\nOnce with the like properly devset chosen uh, system\nand for the 2nd time uh, using the test uh, set chosen system, which is the the cheating.\nAnd uh, the uh, the reason to uh, uh, to do this uh,\nincluding w- with the knowledge of the reference transcript and reference uh, translations\nis to give the viewers and also ourselves uh, a chance to see the relation between the number in the score\nand the actually preserved quality.\nUh, so this is not a uh, not a r- scientific experiment.\nUh, and if we if we say that: \u201eYes, we have chosen the system, the particle configuration,\nwhich works best on this <unintelligible/> demo.\"\nIt is not also cheating, it's like we acknowledged that.\nSo uh, please, let me know if you if you are opposed to this approach,\nbut I think it's uh, it's better for everybody to to know, what is the-\nThis is <unintelligible/> benchmark, how far can we get.\nThis is not, the not, the not a proper evaluation,\nthis is what is the best performance that we can deliver, uh, a kind of test.\nPlease, let me know, if you if you had any any problems with uh, with this goal.\nOf presenting the videos uh, for example twice,\nonce with the devset chosen system and 2nd time with this test set chosen system.\nYeah.\nSo the main message is that we will have a number of demo uh, dry run sessions again\nand the date for the demo will be chosen uh,\nand uh, we will choose and freeze um, the the fingerprints for the demo.\nOkay, so that was enough for the demo.\nAnd now [PERSON22] uh, brought up uh, point, which is which is important.\nI've mentioned that already in in the previous call if I'm uh, not mistaken,\nbut I know, that we have not maken uh, we have not made any steps to that.\n(PERSON19) <other_noise/>\n(PERSON10) Whether we want to make use of the Covid crisis to get little time extension,\nuh, little or longer time extension uh, of the project.\nSo I don't know if [PERSON22] is aware any date until we should make our uh, mind.\n(PERSON19) I haven't I well, I haven't been in a contact with a project office,\nbut well, Alex told me as that -\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON19) Um, if we um, ask for an extension, I will be <unintelligible/> automatically.\n(PERSON10) Okay.\n(PERSON19) Um, we make it, the opportunity later.\nBut maybe it's not so automatic?\n(PERSON10) Okay.\n(PERSON19) But don't quite understand that, so I'm not sure with <laugh/> all of that,\nbut I think, you you saying, you've got an email from a project officer?\n(PERSON10) Yeah, that was awhile ago and and I haven't followed up on that, so.\n(PERSON19) Yeah, yeah.\nYeah.\nSo I mean that yeah, we should probably response <unintelligible/> later.\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON19) And by now, all of us are kind of- I have to, I've forgot,\nall of us are resembling our sort of in term figures.\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON19) And we can see whether we're understanding,\ncause that would be 1 argument for extending.\n(PERSON10) Yep.\n(PERSON19) The deadline.\nBut I also mentioned this other thing, which isn't really Covid related, but-\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON19) We f- we finish the project to December and writing deliverables in December is always-\nIt's not great, really.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON19) Um, so giving a some month or 2 -\n(PERSON10) Yeah, yeah.\n(PERSON19) To to write the final deliverables -\n(PERSON10) Um-hum.\n(PERSON19) This it's really no harm, even if you know, we are not actually spending much money in that time.\nBut that sort of using at for different purpose and Covid related, but maybe it's okay.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON14) Yeah, we shouldn't we shouldn't tell it that way, we could just say-\n(PERSON19) Um-hum.\nYeah, that's <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON14) I I wouldn't I wouldn't be again is like an extension for 3 months or so -\n(PERSON10) 3 months.\n(PERSON14) <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON10) Okay.\nLet's, let's take votes on that.\n(PERSON14) But but it <unintelligible/> of 1 1 thing uh, 1 year extension, I probably don't see the purpose <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON19) <unintelligible/>\n(PERSON14) What that -\n(PERSON19) Yeah.\n(PERSON14) What that we can <unintelligible/> actually.\n(PERSON19) Yeah, I understood that max <unintelligible/> 6 months.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\n(PERSON19) But I mean that the the consequences the deliverables are delayed,\nthe final reviews are delayed and I assume, that means the final payment is delayed.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, that's possible.\n(PERSON19) The universities I shouldn't I imagine, there's not a problem\nbecause universities begin after <unintelligible/>, but I'm not sure.\nThe <unintelligible/> partners might have a problem, more of a problem with that.\n(PERSON10) Yeah, so that's a question mainly for [ORGANIZATION5] and [ORGANIZATION6].\nWould would you help would it help you,\nor would it h- would it be bad for you to to ask for 2 or 3 months uh, of extension.\n(PERSON3) Well, well, um, as developer uh, a little bit of delay uh, I will appreciate it, of course.\n(PERSON10) <laugh/>\n(PERSON3) <laugh/>\nBut I have to ask regarding uh, you know, administrative things and so on.\nI don't know.\nI have to ask [PERSON3].\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\nOkay, so lets uh, lets agree, that by mid next week uh, everybody should f- like fill this table.\nUh, by how many months would you like the project to be extended.\nYou can also say 0.\nUh, and any reasons for that.\nUh, uh, and we will we'll make a decision.\nUh, and let you all know 1st, whether you are fine with the decision.\nUh, yeah.\nIt's hard for me to plan like this much uh, ahead,\nso 2 or 3 months sounds good to me and that's that's it.\nSo uh.\nYeah, so that's that's probably what what will be the final result,\nthat we will ask for 2 or 3 months extension of the uh, of the project.\nAnd we should do it uh, in -\nYeah.\nUntil mid- yeah, lets say mid June.\nRight?\nOkay, so uh s\n<parallel_talk/> We will uh, decide uh, on June 8 and ask for the extension before uh,\nor what is too soon 10.\nThis is too soon and ask uh, before June 15th. <parallel_talk/>\nRight?\n(PERSON19) Um-hum.\n(PERSON10) So please, let us know.\nUh, okay, then uh, we should have a discussion, a technical call on the IWSLT um, uh, results.\nAnd I think that uh, this can be uh, this can happen at the demo dry run sessions as well\nbecause this is all research partners there.\nSo I think, I still haven't sent you the PDF.\nUh, I'm not sure if [PERSON8] has uh, of the final results paper, which will be published at IWSLT, obviously.\nUm, so I'll send you that.\nAnd this is for us to uh, make use of the IWSLT shared task to choose the best systems, that we have at at hand\nand also to validate, whether we have screwed up the evaluation or whether it is uh, actually correct.\nUh, so uh, lets simply- yeah, <parallel_talk/> review the methodology uh, uh,\nlets use one of the dry run uh, demos uh, sessions for this.\n[PERSON10] will send uh, SLT findings uh, findings PDF. <parallel_talk/>\nYeah, okay.\nAnd then, I uh, I've already talked at the beginning with [PERSON14] about IWS- uh, IWSLT  remote presentation.\nSo uh, I I said, that [PERSON8] is alr- already starting to prepare slides uh, plus video,\nuh, as pre-recorded presentation for the [PROJECT5] system paper.\nSo if you would like uh, to contribute to that, that'll be obviously great.\nBecause you have contributed to the paper as well.\nUh, [PERSON8], uh, are you planning to or do already have an Overleaf for the slides, or not yet?\n(PERSON8) Not yet.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\nSo please, send the Overleaf link for the slides as as soon as you start with that.\nThe deadline for the recorded uh, demo is alread- it's the 17th of June\nand uh, the idea is that probably [PERSON8] will present uh, that uh, with s- like a s- screen sharing\nuh, recorded with uh, little not avatar, but [PERSON8] [PERSON8]'s head himself in in the corner of of the slide.\nUh, and uh, we will also try to uh, include in this video uh, a demo of the of the system as it is,\nuh, live uh, subtitling some of the videos, that w- are planned for demo, for the p- for the project officer anyway.\nUh, so in one of these dry run session, we'll also record what what we are delivering\nand we'll include it in the uh, in the IWSLT uh, presentation.\n<parallel_talk/> So [PERSON8] will share Overleaf uh, uh, anybody uh, welcome to contribute. <parallel_talk/>\n[PERSON8], do we know, that we need the contribution from uh, someone?\nLike that we don't understand, what's in the paper uh?-\n<laugh/>\n(PERSON8) Um, I I think it's okay.\n(PERSON10) Yeah.\nYeah, okay.\nSo that's seems like uh, we're at the end of of the agenda.\nThat will be great.\nSo if you don't have any other questions, or comments,\nthen I think, everybody should now be uh, pretty busy with uh, write up of the deliverables.\nUh, and we'll we'll have call, so or like urgent calls <laugh/> if anything is uh, is wrong,\nbut otherwise, I think w- we are doing good.\nUh, a number of doodle pools is to come uh, for the uh, for offering the slots to the project officer, for the demo\nand for the regular dry run sessions, where we will also sort out the technical uh,\nor discuss the technical uh, things, we've learnt from IWSLT submission.\nOkay, so we're great.\n(PERSON3) Okay.\n(PERSON10) Thanks to everybody.\nThat was very uh, effective I'm, I'm happy and let's let's proceed like that for the rest of the project.\n<laugh/>\n(PERSON3) <laugh/>\n(PERSON19) Yeah, thank you.\n<laugh/>\n(PERSON10) <laugh/>\nThank you.\nBye, bye.\n(PERSON20) Thank you, bye, bye.\n(PERSON14) Thank you.\n(PERSON3) Bye guys.\n(PERSON22) Bye.\n(PERSON3) Bye, bye.\n(PERSON19) Bye.\n(PERSON10) Bye.\n", "utterances": [["20230922:154801", "user", " Who will provide a pre-recorded presentation for IWSLT ?", 0], ["20230922:154804", "assistant", "[PERSON8] will provide a pre-recorded presentation for IWSLT.", 0], ["20230922:154951", "user", " Which paper will provide a pre-recorded presentation for IWSLT ?", 0], ["20230922:154954", "assistant", "The pre-recorded presentation for IWSLT will be provided for the [PROJECT5] system paper.", 1], ["20230922:155335", "user", " Who has not provided yet their financial information for the review ?", 0], ["20230922:155337", "assistant", "Based on the transcript, it is not mentioned which participants have not provided their financial information for the review.", -1], ["20230922:155546", "user", " Who is speaking for [ORGANIZATION5] ?", 0], ["20230922:155549", "assistant", "The transcript does not mention a specific person speaking for [ORGANIZATION5].", -1], ["20230922:155822", "user", " What is the new date for the postponed review ?", 0], ["20230922:155824", "assistant", "The transcript does not mention a specific date for the postponed review.", 1], ["20230922:155953", "user", " What is the deadline to finalize the financial report ?", 0], ["20230922:155955", "assistant", "The transcript does not provide information about the specific deadline to finalize the financial report.", -1], ["20230922:160135", "user", " Who is in charge of the dissemination report ?", 0], ["20230922:160138", "assistant", "The transcript does not mention a specific person who is in charge of the dissemination report.", -1], ["20230922:160446", "user", " What should be frozen 1 or 2 weeks before the demo ?", 0], ["20230922:160450", "assistant", "According to the conversation, the recommendation is to freeze the fingerprints, which represent the stable configurations of the systems, one or two weeks before the demo.", 1], ["20230922:160716", "user", " Which component is run by [ORGANIZATION2] ?", 0], ["20230922:160719", "assistant", "According to the conversation, [ORGANIZATION2] is responsible for running the ASR systems for Czech, among other components.", 1], ["20230922:160904", "user", " Which entity is running translation module ?", 0], ["20230922:160906", "assistant", "According to the conversation, the translation module is being run by [ORGANIZATION11].", 1], ["20230922:161147", "user", " About project extension, how many additional months were decided ?", 0], ["20230922:161150", "assistant", "The transcript does not mention a specific number of additional months decided for the project extension.", -1], ["20230922:161707", "user", " What is the location of IWSLT conference ?", 0], ["20230922:161710", "assistant", "The transcript does not mention the specific location of the IWSLT conference.", 0], ["20230922:162035", "user", " When should the recorded demo be provided ? ", 0], ["20230922:162037", "assistant", "According to the conversation, the deadline for providing the recorded demo is on the 17th of June.", 1], ["20230922:162257", "user", " About dissemination, one workshop did not take place, why ?", 0], ["20230922:162300", "assistant", "According to the conversation, the workshop did not take place due to the COVID-19 crisis, which caused the postponement of events and restrictions on in-person gatherings.", 1], ["20230922:162523", "user", " When will be the workshop ?", 0], ["20230922:162525", "assistant", "The transcript does not provide information about the specific date for the workshop.", -1], ["20230922:163100", "user", " Which risk, related to the demo, was discussed ?", 0], ["20230922:163104", "assistant", "The risk discussed related to the demo was the potential for components to fail or updates to disrupt the stability of the system. It was emphasized that updates should be avoided shortly before the demo to minimize the risk of introducing problems.", -1], ["20230922:163448", "user", " Who is in charge of reviewing speech translation part in the deliverable ?", 0], ["20230922:163450", "assistant", "According to the conversation, the specific reviewer for the speech translation part in the deliverable was not mentioned.", -1], ["20230922:163735", "user", " What is the current deadline for providing all the deliverables ?", 0], ["20230922:163737", "assistant", "The transcript does not provide information about the current deadline for providing all the deliverables.", -1]]}