{"model": "gpt-3.5-turbo-16k", "pre_system": "The following is the transcript of a meeting with multiple participants, where each line has a timestamp (e.g. 11:58:37 AM means 11h58mn37s am), the speaker's name and their utterance.", "post_system": "\n\nAs a professional conversational assistant, you can respond to any questions about the meeting, and you can make inferences from the transcripts.", "transcript": "(PERSON15) Hi, can you hear me?\nIs here anyone yet.\n(PERSON1) Hi.\n(PERSON15) Perfect.\n(PERSON1) Yes, we can hear you.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, that's good.\nSo I'm curious, if [PERSON3] is here, we don't have [PERSON3].\nOkay, that's too bad.\nAh, and but we have [PERSON7].\nThat's good.\nAnd ah, we have [PERSON12], [PERSON16], [PERSON10].\nAnd, ah, also [PERSON24], yeah.\nSo I would like to hear primarily from the people that I haven't really talked to.\nAh, for a while.\nAh, so that's [PERSON24] and [PERSON16].\nAh, and then the the rest of you.\nAh, so [PERSON24] if you could start.\n(PERSON24) So basically, I'm a bit, I get stuck with those experiments, because I had notable problems with how to run it at all with explayable mistakes.\nBut finally, uh I managed to run.\n(PERSON15) Ehm.\n(PERSON24) And uh currently I'm I started running those experiments that [PERSON12] told me a while ago.\n(PERSON15) Ehm, so what are they?\n(PERSON24) To run the same set up [PERSON12] ran for that test part on other parts .\n(PERSON15) Ehm, Okay.\nAnd it's multi source or is it only the baselines?\n(PERSON24) It is only the baselines.\n(PERSON12) Yeah, it is it is to complete the GPU test and and to know that one version, one new version of [PROJECT3] really, really works.\nAnd it trains on floating point FP 16.\n(PERSON15) Ehm.\n(PERSON12) So after we done this, then we will know which version of [PROJECT3] we will for the use.\n(PERSON15) Yeah.\nOkay, ah, so you are doing it in FP 16, in the half precision, right?\n(PERSON12) Yes, yes.\n(PERSON15) Okay, that run on tesla GPU use, ah, for a comparison.\nOkay, ah.\nSo, ah, that's good that you're finally starting.\nUm, I'm a little worried about the multi source status for the deliverable.\nSo, is there any chance that we will have -.\nSo what, ah, [PERSON24], have you contributed to to the deliverable in any way?\nAnd this is also a question on [PERSON12].\nLike in in the deliverable.\nWhat is missing there?\nWhat is, what is really outstanding, what are the problems that we have not like -.\n(PERSON12) I'm waiting for the input from <unintelligible/> from [ORGANIZATION1].\nHe promised it by Thursday.\n(PERSON15) Ehm.\n(PERSON12) Then, then I only need to finish the executive summary.\nAnd maybe, maybe one comment from you.\nOn on [PERSON25]'s paper and then -.\n(PERSON15) An an overall, does it look reasonable, or are we uh do we have a problem uh with not enough progress in multi-source?\n(PERSON12) I hope it's reasonable.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, yeah. <laugh/>\n(PERSON12) I explain that we don't have much progress with multi-source because we first need the data.\nThe interpretation corpus.\n(PERSON15) Yes, okay, that's good.\nSo you are moving it to the wri- to the spoken multi-source like explicitely.\n(PERSON12) Yes.\n(PERSON15) We could have done the multi-source research also in the text domain.\nAnd there that was also like of interest.\nAnd actually, ah, ah, the ah, yeah.\nSo that's, ah, the one of the reviewers in in the review also ask whether we are, ah, combining, ah, the ah, the document level aspect with the multilingual aspect.\nAnd I answered that yes.\nThere is like nothing against that.\nAnd the all the corpora that we are collecting are document level if we can have them like that and they are as multilingual as they are.\nAh, so, still it would be useful to to replicate.\nSo, so, so read with the multi-source experiments on some larger text, ah, text only data.\nSo that's something that [PERSON24] really, ah, should work on, after this baseline.\nSo ah, do we have a corpus, ah, like that.\nSo who who all has played with, ah, multi-source text based data?\nIt was [PERSON13] as far as I remember.\nYou, [PERSON12] played with the Window, ah, approach.\nBut you never got to multi-source yet, right?\n(PERSON12) Hhm.\n(PERSON15) And then it was the the experiment by [PERSON26], which are covered there wheter like small data only and your monkey only.\n(PERSON12) Yeah, we can use the text from [ORGANIZATION6].\n(PERSON15) Mhm.\nSo that's the transcripts?\n(PERSON12) Yes, and translations.\n(PERSON15) Yeah.\nSo, I I really think that some experiments with multi-source text, ah, in [ORGANIZATION6] should be done immediately after -.\n(PERSON12) Yeah.\n(PERSON15) Or actually concurrently with what [PERSON24] is doing at the moment, right?\n(PERSON12) But I've, I suppose, that text multi-source is not a challenge.\nBecause the text are all already very, ah, very disambiguate.\nSo that that only one source will be better than than two sources.\nSo that's my assumption.\n(PERSON15) So so sorry, what you are, you're saying that there is no gain to be expected, ah, from multi-source, right?\n(PERSON12) Yes.\nContexts.\n(PERSON15) Does not really expect any gains from multi-source.\nOkay, we'll see.\nAh, we should, we should really test this.\nI agree that with the long written sentences, it is possible that you're right.\nAnd that the spoken language, ah, is more ambiguous and therefore the, ah, the multi-source is more likely to help.\nBut we don't have numbers for that.\nIt is should be tested empirically.\nSo, so [PERSON24], I think we need to have a separate call with you and [PERSON12].\nAh, and when could that happen?\nAh, so, so that we would like double check the the exact plans and and look under your finger.\nSo to say what you are working on at the at this moment and what else you you could start to experiment with the multi-source.\nSo when you two would be available for the separate call?\nAh, what whatever, tomorrow?\nAh, or at what tomorrow afternoon work for you?\n[PERSON24] and [PERSON12]?\n(PERSON12) Yes.\n(PERSON24) At at what time tomorrow?\n(PERSON15) Just say something, so whatever two, two pm or three pm?\n(PERSON12) Yes, it work for me.\n(PERSON24) Uh, three thirty?\n(PERSON15) Yeah, yeah, that's fine for me.\nYeah.\nAnd for [PERSON12] it's okay, right?\n(PERSON12) Yes.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, so great.\nWell, I'll send a link, ah, later.\nBut ah, I'll definitely plan it to the <unintelligible/> calendar, ah, for you.\nThat's, that's great, okay.\nThanks.\nAnd in the meantime, ah, we got the [PERSON3].\nAh, so it's the, ah, now it's the good point to mention the two biggest things.\nAh, and, ah, the one of the biggest thing is that [PERSON10] is leaving, which is listed at the end of the, at the end of the, of the notes for today's call uh.\nSo, [PERSON10] is already hopefully in touch with, uh, everybody, uh, who is getting some of the [PERSON10]'s original tasks, uh.\nSo, uh, [PERSON10] himself will finish the language model checking of ASR outputs.\nThat is text only check if the words kind of make sense.\nSo then we would have a monitor, live monitoring of whether the ASR is producing something sensible or whether something is terribly wrong.\nSuch as wrong language chosen for the wrong chanel.\nAnd once this is finished by [PERSON10] it shoul be integrated somehow.\nThe integration will probably already be more on [PERSON8] and [PERSON3].\nAnd with [PERSON8] and [PERSON3], [PERSON10] will synchronize about the tools that, ah, that [PERSON10] has developed.\nAnd that [PERSON8] should incorporate.\nAnd, eh, [PERSON3] should regularly use.\nRight?\nSo have you already agreed on some date for this?\nI've seen [PERSON8] here and he disappeared at the moment. <laugh/>\nSo, [PERSON3].\n(PERSON3) Uh, not exactly but I'll probably be in touch with [PERSON10] or some sometimes early next week.\nSo.\n(PERSON15) Yeah.\n(PERSON3) That would be somewhere on tuesday or wednesday.\n(PERSON15) Yes, so the sooner the better.\nBecause, ah, like he will be leaving and, ah, ah, it's, yeah, things will only get harder.\nSo actually, I was confused.\nThat the [PERSON6], here on the call, is not [PERSON10], right?\nAs the -.\n(PERSON3) Eh, no.\nIt's the other one.\n(PERSON15) The other one, yeah.\nOkay, yeah.\nSo I was confused because [PERSON10] said that he could be late for the call and that's probably happening.\nSo please be in touch with [PERSON10].\nThen, ah, if the other [PERSON6], who is on the call, ah, can you hear us?\nAh, [PERSON6]?\nSo I'm not sure, if the call -.\n(PERSON16) Yeah, yeah.\n(PERSON15) Okay, that's good.\nYeah, so I've, have started, but I think I never finished an email to you, because you have reminded [PERSON3] that your, ah, profanity filtering is not yet integrated.\nAnd, ah, I think this is also an important message for [PERSON8] who has disappear again from the call.\nAh, ah.\nSo the the important message is that, yes, it's very good that you are actively pushing so that your results are integrated and everybody should do so.\nAnd at the same time, we need to have the set up so that you can actually integrate and tested yourself.\nSo I call it like self or do it yourself integration.\nSo [PERSON3], when working with [PERSON8] and when, when, ah, like documenting what the set ups are, ah, make sure that it is tested well enough by colleagues such as [PERSON6], or then even [PERSON10] for the language model checks us and and everybody else.\nSo whenever someone develops a new useful component.\nThe full pipeline should be accessible to to him reasonably easily.\nSo he can test it himself.\nSo this do it yourself integration is important, because otherwise it will remain on you [PERSON3].\nAnd you don't want to be overloaded.\nSo, you you want to provide these people with inputs and outputs as the first, ah, ah, testing approach.\nAh, which has been already done.\n[PERSON6], right?\nThe profanity filtering, has it been tested on locks?\nI think it was.\n(PERSON3) Yeah, it was tested on <unintelligible/> something.\n(PERSON15) So now, now it's the time to test it on the life pipelines.\nAnd again.\nI think it's better if, ah, [PERSON3] explains to, ah, to [PERSON6] how to do it.\nSo that [PERSON6] runs it for himself.\nUsing some of the workers and life playing some of the problematic files.\nAh, ah, ah, like ah, using MPlayer, or whatever simply play them, follow the sound output on your machine and and see how how that works.\nAh, because only when doing the real setup.\nAh, the true errors were will appear.\nLike it's important to first debugg it using the lock files, and then it's important to debugg it in the pipeline.\nAnd if this debugging can be done by the author of that component.\nHere, in this case, [PERSON6], it would be most efficient for for all of us.\nSo, so, [PERSON3], please confirm that you agree with this idea of like do it yourself integration.\n(PERSON3) Yeah, I do.\nAlso, I have a call with [PERSON6] later today.\n(PERSON15) Yeah.\n(PERSON3) So, we will discussed exactly <unintelligible/> with [PERSON6] <unintelligible/>\u00a0 that we have that and if he couldn't <unintelligible/> the local copy on his laptop because <unintelligible/>.\u00a0\nBut I think we <unintelligible/> get on to bad he can simply download the files on the oval machines.\n(PERSON15) Ehm.\n(PERSON3) And then using files or something else he can tolerate the files, oh, to his local machine.\n(PERSON15) Or he can also use X2Go.\nSo he also has a chance to use X2Go.\n(PERSON3) Yeah, yeah, that that's also uh very well.\nBut since his intent of bandwidth is very limited.\n(PERSON15) Ehm.\n(PERSON3) So oh -.\n(PERSON15) He prefers to download things.\n(PERSON3) Yeah.\n(PERSON15) Okay, yeah, eh.\nYeah.\nDo whatever works for you.\nI know it's, it's complicated. <laugh/>\nOkay.\nSo speaking of the profanity filtering, and especially the spasm detection and and removal.\nWe have seen during the last sessions that the new ASR, the end to end ASR, E2E ASR, also suffers from the spasm issues.\nSo the profanity filtering should really be, ah, employed twice on each path.\nFirst after the ASR and second after the MT.\n(PERSON3) Okay, yeah.\nBut the -.\nWere there instances of spasm coming in?\nLet's one language stream only?\nBecause -.\n(PERSON15) They're already in the ASR language.\nAlready the English contains contain suddenly something like uh, oh, oh, oh and there were full stop after every Oh.\nSo it was actually for a second, [PERSON12] saw that I think, for a second ah, the ah the incoming, ah, sentences were like flooded with lots of oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.\nAnd then they disappeared again.\n(PERSON3) Oh, yes, yes.\nAh, so, ah, I I don't think we need to fold proprietors spasm removal, because if we remove the the one from the ASR itself.\n(PERSON15) Mhm.\n(PERSON3) Nothing is getting past to that MT worker, so -.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, but the MT worker can create its own spasm for good ASR.\n(PERSON3) Oh, yeah.\nMe and that that also.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, so.\nI think two two are, ah, needed.\nOkay, so there was, ah, there was the self or to do it yourself integration.\nAnd um.\nYeah, you are, ah, ah, so [PERSON3], you have the call with, ah, [PERSON10] later today.\nAh, so, ah, that that would be on the dashboard and the monitor.\nAnd hopefully [PERSON8] will be there as well.\nSo are you also in touch with [PERSON8]?\n(PERSON3) Ah, not right now, but I will after this call.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, please please join -.\nHe disappeared.\nSo please make him joined to that.\nThen another thing that [PERSON10] is passing over to others is the [PROJECT2] check ASR.\nAnd [PERSON1], ah, will will get this from him so that we have, ah, so repeat has [PROJECT2] baseline for his own experiments, right?\nIs that correct?\n(PERSON1) Oh yes, yes.\n(PERSON15) Okay.\nAnd the domain adaptation saw the daily -.\nSo the regular preparations for every session that will unfortunately land on [PERSON3] only.\nSo [PERSON3] this is another thing that you need to discuss with [PERSON10].\nMaybe that is the main subject of your call today, right?\n(PERSON3) Oh, I haven't plan the call with [PERSON10].\nI have a call with [PERSON6].\n(PERSON15) Okay.\nYeah.\n(PERSON3) As MT <unintelligible/> profanity filtering.\n(PERSON15) Okay, okay.\nSo I'm confusing the [PERSON6] even even though, okay. <laugh/>\nBut anyway, this domain adaptation that will land on you.\nSo, when you have a call with [PERSON10], then [PERSON10] has already started, ah, preparing for the upcoming Monday seminar that's going to be given by ,ah, Italian guy, a famous one, the author of [PROJECT1], actually.\nSo if you are curious about that, it's it's interesting to to to see it, he'll be talking about verb frames.\nAnd, um, we should again get ready for for that with some domain adaptation.\nSo [PERSON10] has probably started, but he should walk you through that thing.\nSo that you can do it yourself next time.\nAnd it should be as automated as possible.\nYeah.\nAnd the last bit is the multi-accent English.\nAh, so the English, which is robust to the various speakers.\nSo, ah, on Monday we will hear the Italian English and yesterday, ah, we had a chance to hear the Japanese English and the ASR was really struggling with that.\nAh, so, ah, that's, ah, yeah, we really need to adapt.\nBut this, ah, this is mainly on on [PERSON1].\nYeah.\nSo, that was -.\n(PERSON3) Ah, can I <unintelligible/>\u00a0 I can that the accented English one to caught -.\n(PERSON15) Yes.\n(PERSON3) I like the idea, and -.\nAh, I mean, I really like to see how it plays out.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.\nSo just make sure to be in touch with [PERSON1].\nSo, [PERSON1], please include [PERSON3] in this part as well.\nSo whenever you have like whatever tasks that that [PERSON3] can help with, then work on that jointly.\nSo for that, I think that [PERSON1] [PERSON1] is now mentioning in in his report here.\nThe recording segmentation is that the thing that you are, ah, ah, the is it really?\nSo what do you mean by recording segmentation.\nThat's the short question, [PERSON1].\n(PERSON1) I mean they're cutting the recordings to words and done getting together to to create a new, new, new recordings with, ah, different sentences.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, yeah.\nSo, ah, so for the multi-accent English.\nSo we are now with with [PERSON1] putting that, ah, ah, together to, ah, just one.\nAh, one technical solution.\nThe current idea that that better is is working on is that he will create new sentences by concatenating words that were spoken in other sentences.\nAnd he will do this across different speakers.\nSo, it will be really multi speaker, ah, sentences and, ah, therefore, the robustness to the different accents of these speakers could be also improved.\nAh, so that's, ah, that's one particle experiment.\nAnd later on, we, ah, we may, ah, do something more about, ah, the the, um, the multi accent things.\nSo this, ah, these new sentences will, ah, it will actually try to solve two problems with one, one experiment.\nOne problem is the implicit language model.\nAh, so the ASR system has to see the largest possible set of sentences.\nAnd, ah, we are going to create new sentences by from text only language model by adding the the sound part to that.\nSo that's, ah, the language model will be better by that.\nFor the ASR and the robustness to different speakers would be also better.\nYeah.\nAnd in a talk yesterday, I heard another idea.\nIt was like during the training.\nAh, they were dropping out, ah, a time bands and frequency bands from the sound.\nSo they were training on on disruptive inputs, and that also greatly improved the robusteness of of the system.\n(PERSON1) If I'm, I'm not su- sure how they apply it.\nBut um, I think that the pipeline, um, the training pipeline, um, which is used for training of the <unintelligible/> that uses this same technique.\nSo, it's already -.\n(PERSON15) It's already there.\nOkay.\n(PERSON1) Yeah.\n(PERSON15) Yeah.\nSo that's -.\nThis is very important to know which all bells and whistles are are available in which tool[ORGANIZATION1].\nOkay.\nSo that is, ah, that was the, ah, like news and and work that is being put on you, because [PERSON10] will be leaving.\nAnd another, ah, like a long term, or as well as a short term pile of work has arrived, because of the two sessions that we had.\nSo, I would really like to ask everybody to record the experience from the [ORGANIZATION7], and as the one sessions.\nAnd also, ah, [PERSON8] is not ah here.\nAlso the there is one more lesson that we have like harshly learned yesterday, when\n<censored/>\nAnd the pipeline had to be started by [PERSON10] and [PERSON8].\nAnd unfortunately they failed.\nSo, so, we still are totally relying on one person who is able to start the pipeline, and that is a bad situation.\nSo, ah, [PERSON3], this is this is mainly on you and also on [PERSON18] and and [PERSON8].\nTo, ah, like make sure that the whole set up is understandable and regularly tested by others in the team.\nAnd the do it yourself integration would help with that actually.\nSo the the system needs users, and the more diverse users, the more different users, the better.\nBecause it will be robust to the different conditions of of the users.\nAnd the yesterday, ah, [PERSON8] knew in principal what to do.\nHe managed to get the ASR running and presented.\nBut the rainbow worker was stuck for while.\nThen it was restarted by [PERSON14] [PERSON2], ah, in Edinburgh.\nAnd then it, we were not able or [PERSON8] was not able to to properly use it.\nSo the language is were swaped there and some of the languages didn't contain any reasonable output.\nJust some language coats instead of the output.\nSo, it's to for agile and did respect.\nAnd, [PERSON3] and [PERSON18] please be in touch with [PERSON8] and propose some solution.\nSo that we are much more robusst even to individual persons not being available, right?\n(PERSON18) Yeah, yeah, yeah.\nSo, I actually, I have a call just and while, um, I saw word checks e-mail regarding the girls -.\n(PERSON15) Yeah.\n(PERSON18) That he got rolled in the pipe and and I kind of had a ah talk, ah, call with him right at the moment, when I was free.\nAnd acting ah.\n<unintelligible/> we just not sending them um in the mediator.\n(PERSON15) Mhm.\n(PERSON18) So that was kind of creating, ah, errors.\nYeah.\n(PERSON15) So, ah, obviously he didn't know enough about the architectures.\n(PERSON18) Yeah, exactly.\n(PERSON15) He he didn't know where to look and what to check.\nSo, ah, yeah.\nSo this is something that it it should be like more self explanatory.\nAnd, well, better documented.\nSo that, ah, people would be able to to get it running.\nSo [PERSON18], you were during that time you're in some different lecture or, ah, because at some point I suddenly saw that like [PERSON8] stopped trying, maybe.\nOr maybe he was trying, but without any any success, I don't know.\n(PERSON18) No, I actually, around <unintelligible/> like two pm.\nWe were having a call.\nAnd I was spending him through the pipelines that escaped like, what does each block, what exactly does and how to debugg?\nSo I explain him.\nNow you are getting this errors how to debugg what what section is exactly the hair issue with so first tribe with the ASR of then try with the <unintelligible/> itself, try individual ASR <unintelligible/> and things like that.\nSo, he was able to understand.\nBut yeah, because it would not be a surprise if [PERSON8] failed, because he was time for the first time.\n(PERSON15) Okay.\n(PERSON18) Yeah, the the pipeline is pretty complicated for someone who has seen it for the first time too.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, but I was surprised that like the pipeline, because it was the same pipeline that the pipeline -.\n(PERSON18) Yeah, yeah.\n(PERSON15) Couldn't be simply <unintelligible/>.\nBut why did the fingerprints then change?\n(PERSON18) No, the fingerprint was still the same, but the worker was not running.\n(PERSON15) But when the workers started running, it it didn't work.\nThat that something which I don't understand.\n(PERSON3) Hm, maybe it's because of second.\nOr have you seen the common addresses file to include [PERSON5]'s ah army worker.\n(PERSON18) No we have a separate directory for that.\n(PERSON15) Yeah.\nSo, ah, ah, -.\n(PERSON18) This is kind of again.\nYou know, I mean a bad thing that, ah, if we want to implement [PERSON5]'s worker, we we need to have a separate separate descript.\nThis is kind of bad.\n(PERSON15) This is very bad.\nYes. <laugh/>\nExactly.\nThis is very bad.\nAh, so it.\nAh, so please, you three, make a call pre- like set up a call with [PERSON8].\nAh, it's a pity he he is not here at the moment.\nAnd, ah, discuss how this should be done.\nAh, because [PERSON8] is now, ah, after his experience, ah, he is working on on like, ah, how to make the configuration cleaner.\nAh, so, please discuss this with him very carefully.\nSo, next week, I would like to hear from you three how far you got in the in the like specifications of the requirements.\nSo to say.\nSo, eh, there is -.\nCoach -.\nBeen -.\nSo, ah, I ll put it here.\n[PERSON15] asks [PERSON8], [PERSON18] and [PERSON3] to have a call and provide the first specification of requirements, uh, for a pipeline set ups.\nSo that, uh, it is much less error prone and a more modular.\nAh, easy -.\nAh, EG easy to integrate, ah, also the profanity filtering.\n[PERSON16], ah, -.\nRainbow worker and so on.\n(PERSON18) [PERSON16], ah, I also like to I also like to request you.\nSo you have multiple scripts that start the um that starts you avanti and workers, which is like a multi-edr and multi bigger and multied relevant.\nSo this is kind of confusing for, I guess, I know, each of these scripts.\nBut then the new people did not know.\nSo maybe if you could remove these scripts which have the similar performance, or only leave that which which is usable and which is kind of okay for the for our life sessions.\n(PERSON16) Mhm, can we maybe?\nI can maybe make it so that there is one script, because -.\n(PERSON15) Ehm, with different parametres.\n(PERSON16) Yeah, with different parameters.\nBecause basically before this structure was like for the.\nOh, actually, workers for the English to Czech model.\n(PERSON15) Ehm.\n(PERSON16) Which also uses tensor to tensor, so it uses the same structure.\nBut, yeah, so maybe I could add some parameters, for example, to limit the number of languages.\n(PERSON18) Exactly.\n(PERSON16) And also to, yeah, for some switch for the for the which model to use.\nBut is it possible to pass these parameters to uh to can I assume when you, when you were it on cluster.\n(PERSON18) Oh, sorry.\nSo suppose like, if you have one worker, which emits all the languages.\nI mean, it's up to us, we can control how many languages we want to see the subtitling subtitling platform.\nIt's completely up to us.\nBut if you think that when starting the worker, if you limit the parameters, if you limit the number of languages there itself.\nAnd if you think that it improves the maybe I don't know, maybe speed.\nSo then I think we should go for that uh.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, so.\nThat's a good question on [PERSON16].\n[PERSON16].\n(PERSON16) Mhm.\n(PERSON15) Is, is it better to run the multi lingual moral with fewer languages enabled?\nI don't think it it is any saving?\n(PERSON16) Well, we did it actually, when we were testing it.\nI think we did it with with [PERSON12].\nIf I'm not not mistaken.\nWhen we were testing a reef [PERSON18], when we were testing it on -.\nI don't remember where, where it was.\nI -.\n(PERSON18) I think it was -.\n(PERSON16) It was the -.\n(PERSON18) It was the -.\n(PERSON16) It was not.\nIt wasn't a hackathon.\n(PERSON18) Yeah.\nYeah, yeah exactly.\nAnd -.\nSo -.\n[PERSON6] at a performance stable constructed with the [PERSON14]'s rainbow worker and [PERSON5]'s rainbow worker.\nAnd comparatively, ah, [PERSON14]'s rainbow worker were a better, were better side.\n(PERSON16) Mhm.\n(PERSON15) So also -.\nAll the rules of speed.\n[PERSON14]'s rainbow worker was better in speed, but was it better in bless course?\n(PERSON18) Not to speed.\nI mean, overall, it was blows.\nCourse was were better for fulfills were okay.\n(PERSON15) So then the, there is actually no point in having [PERSON16] rainbow worker in the pipeline at the moment, right?\n(PERSON18) But, but -.\n(PERSON16) Yeah.\nI think -.\nYeah.\n(PERSON18) If, well, for a fall back solution, it's important like uh remember during the [ORGANIZATION7].\nWe didn't so -.\nYeah, exactly.\nWe need to have it -.\n(PERSON16) Yeah, but still, basically, yeah, yeah, there are still basically like two things that that are bad with the model.\nOne thing is that it wasn't train trained with the fine tunings that feel used, such as using partial sentences and other stuff.\nAnd the other problem is that it was basically trained using tensor to tensor, which makes it very, very slow.\nSo that's why we used the subset of the languages, because then, like then, it could work real time.\nBut but otherwise that there was quite a big delay like two seconds to translate something.\n(PERSON18) Ah, maybe this is a stupid idea.\nBut what I think is that if we could have like multiple word, multiple, multiple replicas of your same workers, and, each emitting, a different subset of languages.\n(PERSON15) Yes, that could be as fall back solution.\nBut the main question is, how come that it's slower with more languages.\nLike, I don't see that because it should be paralyzing when your -.\n(PERSON16) Yes, so there are maybe like forty languages, so so there are forty, like the big size is forty.\n(PERSON15) Yes.\n(PERSON16) And for back size for it, it is actually a lot slower than for back size eight, for example.\n(PERSON15) Okay, so that is very strange.\nThis is something that I would not have expected, because it should be running in parallel, right?\n(PERSON16) Yeah it it.\nIt is somehow somehow [PROJECT3] is better optimised, so -.\n(PERSON15) Mhm.\n(PERSON16) So maybe like for a better solution.\nI would probably -.\nYeah.\n(PERSON15) Still, I think that -.\n(PERSON16) Use [PROJECT3], yeah.\nYeah.\n(PERSON15) So I suggest that we do not use [PERSON16] tensor to tensor worker at all for the live sessions.\nIt is good, maybe, for creating the the syntethic data or whatever.\nAh, but.\nAh, as the fall back solution, we should have the [PROJECT3] models running as a worker on our side.\nSo, we should be able to launch rainbow worker from [PERSON14] on our cluster.\n(PERSON3) Yeah, for that uh, I think I located the directory on uh.\nWell, we have the code for that.\nI think [PERSON18] had copied from [PERSON14].\n(PERSON15) Yeah.\n(PERSON3) I got the directory for it, and I will start looking into it.\n(PERSON15) So, sorry, I missed that.\nSo are you going to do that, right [PERSON3]?\nCorrect?\n(PERSON3) Yes, yeah, I'm going to look into it.\n[PERSON18] mentioned that he when he tried that failed because of some medows that he does recall right now.\nI'll see what errors are those, and -.\n(PERSON15) Get in touch get in touch with [PERSON24] and others.\nSo actually all of you I suggest that all of you are on the devel at [ORGANIZATION5] mailing list.\nAnd let's use this mailing list for these technical issues like getting [PROJECT3] running.\nI know that it will it will flood the list also for others who are working other things.\nBut this is so like low level issues, that it's worth having this discussion in the devel at [ORGANIZATION5] mailing list.\nSo -.\n(PERSON16) And also -.\n(PERSON15) Are you all in the list?\n(PERSON3) I'm not sure if I am.\nI don't think I am.\n(PERSON16) I think that I'm not either, but also, I am using the newest version of [PROJECT3] actually to train the shortening models.\nSo I have version one point nine comparates as well.\n(PERSON15) So the devel, is or another option is to use.\nSo the devel is really, I see its old people there.\nWe have people like [PERSON20] there, but we don't have you.\nSo we could also use the [PROJECT5] [ORGANIZATION5] lists for that.\n(PERSON12) And what's your issue with [PROJECT3], can you repeat it?\n(PERSON18) So actually, when I was working with with [PROJECT3] I had several like part conflicts.\nThere were like chain of parts with which needed to be which needed to be fixed, and kind of unable to backtrack each each of them.\nYeah, so I, I, I never tried it, then.\n(PERSON16) Do you mean path configs like, like, work paths for the [PROJECT3] itself, or for the or in the model config.\n(PERSON12) If if you talk about learning [PERSON14]'s model then [PERSON14] send us some scripts with absolute paths on their systems, and we just need to replace them with our paths, correctly.\nAnd then hopefully it will work.\n(PERSON16) Yeah, I can also try this if you send me the location of the models.\n(PERSON3) Yeah, sure.\nI'll again find it and send it to you.\n[PERSON18] can do that at me.\n<unintelligible/>\n(PERSON18) Yeah.\nI'll follow you the even later.\nOkay.\n(PERSON15) Something who else, who else should be?\nYeah, uh.\n(PERSON18) I think you already have the email?\n[PERSON16].\n(PERSON16) Really?\n(PERSON18) Yeah, it's the subject is [ORGANISATION4] rainbow audience.\nBut, ah, ah, let me send you again with the part of the -.\n(PERSON16) Yes, yes, yes.\nBecause I don't have the path, I think.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, so.\n(PERSON3) So [PERSON18] please send me on that e-mail as well.\n(PERSON18) Yeah, yeah, so, so.\n(PERSON15) So, so, use whatever a communication platform works for you.\nLike direct emailing is fine as well.\nRemember to that [PERSON24] is also a source of information, because [PERSON24] will now be fighting with that.\nAnd he'll be running into the same issues, and and he has successfully fight it with [PROJECT3] in the summer.\nSo, he also has some pretty fresh experience.\nSo it's [PERSON24].\nThe zimbra will auto- autocomplete the um, ah, the ah, the the email for you.\nAnd also, so if you do not know who could help you with what, email [PROJECT5] dash [ORGANIZATION5].\nAnd I'm just asking [PERSON9] to add [PERSON24] there.\nAnd I'll I'll make sure that that you are there.\nLike all of you, who can possibly answer such questions are there.\nSo let's let's use, ah, [PROJECT5] dash [ORGANIZATION5], also for the technical technical issues.\nIf you have if you ran- random questions, ask around.\nNever wait.\nThat's that's it.\nNever wait.\nOkay.\nSo, I would like to hear from [PERSON16] quick report.\n(PERSON16) Ehm.\nYeah.\nSo, right now, I am working on the shortening and extending models.\nAnd so I already have the first models, but now I'm trying to vary the amount of data and the length in the dataset, and to see, like, what is the difference in performance and and length.\nAnd then when I'm happy with this, then I will get to the second phase, where I will basically translate and and synte- and creating to dig data from the rest of the and the end dataset, and then I will build like the final shortening model.\n(PERSON15) Yeah.\n(PERSON16) And also, yes.\nSo, here I I actually run into one issue that basically I'm running out of storage quota -.\n(PERSON15) Ehm.\n(PERSON16) On on lev\u00e1 strana.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, so, just ask for more.\nSo have an estimate, ask for more.\nThat's it.\n(PERSON16) So -.\n(PERSON15) So, so you just need to come up with a reasonable estimate how much more you need.\nSo there they do have space, they only give it away only like after.\nThey have seen that the people have thought about it.\n(PERSON16) Okay.\n(PERSON15) Because the practice is that no one ever cleans up after themselves.\nSo the only way to avoid an exponential growth is to make the growth modest and moderated.\n(PERSON16) Yeah, okay, oh.\nAnd also, yeah, also, this is the problem with the [ORGANIZATION8]s one hundred language models, because they they take like fifty gigabytes themselves.\n(PERSON15) Yeah.\nYeah, just answer -.\n(PERSON16) Ah, okay.\n(PERSON15) Keep it in the copy.\nAh, write an estimate.\nHow much you need.\n(PERSON16) Okay.\n(PERSON15) To IT EDU <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON16) And do you, maybe know, ah, like, how how much space there is available on Troja because maybe I could save something there.\n(PERSON15) Ask- simply say what you need.\n(PERSON16) Okay, okay.\nI will just added.\nOkay.\n(PERSON15) They will, they will know what is better.\nAnd actually, it's since the better GPUs are on Troja.\nHaving the data in Troja makes more sense.\n(PERSON16) Okay, okay, okay.\n(PERSON15) Okay, that's good.\n(PERSON12) You can use Command DF and it will tell you the the space on all the disk.\n(PERSON15) Yeah.\n(PERSON16) Okay, okay.\n(PERSON15) Or DF minus age for human redo.\nOkay, just I just I won't see the quota there.\n(PERSON1) There is a command to check the quota.\n(PERSON12) Yeah, write it into the document.\n(PERSON16) Okay, okay, thank.\n(PERSON15) So in the, I'll check what is called, yeah.\nSo, oh yes, quota, so is it this one?\nYeah.\nSo are you used?\n(PERSON16) Ehm.\n(PERSON15) Oh, that's a different quota. <laugh/>\nOkay, yes, agree.\nYes, that's that's the command.\nOpt and a few tils?\n(PERSON15) So I actually have an alliance for this.\nSo, so.\n(PERSON16) Ah, ah, okay.\nI see it now.\n(PERSON15) When I type quota I, I get this.\nI get the output of this.\n(PERSON16) Ehm.\nOkay, so on Troja I have fifty gigabytes.\nYeah, that's -.\n(PERSON15) That's too little.\nObviously you can, you can ask for much more.\nOkay?\nThat's good.\nSo, ah, is there anyone who should report some progress, and we have forgotten about him.\n(PERSON16) Yeah, I I I actually have like one last thing.\n(PERSON15) Ehm.\n(PERSON16) And basically, ah, [PERSON19] would like to <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, yeah, yes.\n(PERSON16) And he would like you to be participating as well.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, so what are his confidence. <laugh/>\nAnd what are your confidence.\nTomorrow afternoon, before the call that I have with [PERSON24] and [PERSON12], like tomorrow at two.\nWill that work?\n(PERSON16) I think that would work for me, so I can write to him.\n(PERSON15) So try, yeah, try that, because I'll have called at half past three with [PERSON14] and and [PERSON24].\n(PERSON16) Okay.\n(PERSON18) Also [PERSON15] and there is a guy here in, uh, in Zabrican.\nUm, he he is only, he is almost completed done with his masters.\n(PERSON15) Uhm.\n(PERSON18) He is an Indian guy and saw the data, it's his name and he mentioned that, uh, he is actually interested to join your group, your team.\nMaybe it's a PSD or do that at full time job.\nAnd -.\n(PERSON15) To apply for PHD one deadline is very soon.\nIt's the end of the year.\n(PERSON18) Okay.\n(PERSON15) It's a briefly the one.\nSo uh he should check uh it's something like [ORGANIZATION5] slash PHD -.\n(PERSON18) Okay.\n(PERSON15) And he should email uh that he is interested uh, uh, to send to PHD at [ORGANIZATION5] and something like that.\n(PERSON18) Okay, okay.\nI mention all.\nHe also mentioned that -.\nBecause his master thesis is based on modern machine translation.\n(PERSON15) Ehm.\n(PERSON18) But, he expressed his interest to join your group and he also mentioned that he had a discussion with you.\nI don't know about something during our debruity,\n(PERSON15) Yeah, [PERSON22], I don't remember so his name.\nYeah, so.\nYeah.\nSo for PHD application, he should email that email PHD at [ORGANIZATION5].\nAnd, ah, I'm beyond my capacity, but others may have the capacity and for the general connection with [PROJECT5].\nYes, that's not dependent on on that deadline at all.\n(PERSON18) Yeah.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, that will work.\nSo I'm trying.\n[PERSON16] <unintelligible/>, okay, yeah, yeah.\nSo I'm for tommorow at two I'm trying to send a [ORGANIZATION2] invite.\nSo, that's probably edge and I want still -.\nWe are way beyond planned time.\nThat's because we haven't had the call last week, unfortunatelly.\nSo, I'm now highlighting the experience, ah, from the [ORGANIZATION7] and as you want again.\nI've already reminded everybody to record what you what you saw and also read what other has other have experience.\nBut let's also discuss the the lessons that we learned.\nAnd the immediate lessons and the to do list, ah, are this.\nAh, yes, we absolutely need the evaluation of all systems, all files, ah, in the test set.\nAh, like, ah, ah, ah, in, [PROJECT5] test set automated.\nSo, how far is that?\nThat's a question for [PERSON3].\n<censored/>\nOkay, yeah.\nYeah, so, I have started finishing that today.\nBy the end of the day, I'll be done with it.\nSo I have a call at two thirty Prague time with [PERSON6] to discuss some of the specifics of that is around the SLTS capability of downloading files.\nDo I need to do it manually.\nSo, there are some calls to this -.\nThere are something calls [PERSON6].\nAnd apart from that, the code is almost finished with that discussion.\nI think I'll be able to wrap it up today itself.\nSo.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, and we have [PERSON7] on the call.\nSo, [PERSON7] will be the person who will pick this up from you.\nAnd and Yeah.\n(PERSON7) Yes.\n(PERSON15) So are you also planning [PERSON7] to be on that call with [PERSON6], or with with the [PERSON3] after that?\n(PERSON7) Ah, which one is it?\nI'm sorry.\nI don- don't remember.\n(PERSON3) I think I'll have a call with [PERSON7] later.\nBecause that specific is only lated to automating the ASR evaluation.\nYeah, it's basically to generate ASR automatically.\nAnd if I evaluate the ASR given any index file.\nSo what essentially my script will be doing is taking an input of taking the index file as an input and it will generate the ASR from whatever model there is mentioned in the script.\nAnd I'm trying to make it as as well as possible, so that we don't need to hardcore the ASR in the script.\nWe just choose that this is ASR I want to use.\nSame goes for, ah, the MT models.\nBut, yeah, essentially, it's that.\nSo, after that I'll have a call with [PERSON7] to discuss all the, oh, things that I put in the script, and then I think he can take it up from that.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, okay.\nYeah, idea is that once you evaluate exactly as flexible as you just describe it.\nOnce you evaluate it, the outputs need to be stored somewhere, and the scores have to be stored somewhere.\nAnd [PERSON7]s know, [PERSON7] knows where these things should be stored.\nSo next time when you ask for the same thing like it.\nIt could give you the the cashed, ah, output already.\nI think it could, because I think it's better to like have it, ah, run again.\nAh, but, ah, and create one more entry.\nAnd if the entry is identical, then we.\nWe're good.\nWe know that nothing has has the like worsened.\nAh, but ah it.\nThen, without running anything, you should just be able to look at the the stored outputs and the store scores, and it would immediately see where we are standing.\nSo this recording of the results is something that [PERSON7] will will manage.\n(PERSON7) Okay.\nSo, [PERSON3], let me know when you finish it, and we can arrange a meeting, and then I will look at it, and then I will write it into the deliverable.\nYes?\n(PERSON3) I think I will have I'll have call with you next week on my\u00a0 <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON7) Okay, okay, that sounds good.\nOkay.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, great.\nOkay, so that that that was the the first immediate lesson and to do that that arose from the last week sessions.\nAnd the other one is the management thing.\nSo, when there is some session happening, we really need to make sure that we have the important people around the globe, ah, ah, like available.\nSo I've halfway asked if [PERSON14] would be there.\nHe didn't respond.\nAnd in the end he was not available.\nAnd a very similar thing happened also yesterday.\nDuring the, ah, the call at three pm Prague time the two to UTC call.\nAgain we we were like chasing [PERSON14] through a [PERSON4] on on [PROJECT4].\nSo it was, ah, it was crazy.\nSo, ah, for this we we need to know which components we are using and who are the people behind these components.\nAnd for important sessions we should secure that we have the people.\nSo that's is like, ah, a message for me but also for for [PERSON3].\nAh, as a fallback solution, if I if I forget to to make sure that we have these people available, or they do not know that they won't be available.\nIt is also okay.\nSo if we knew that [PERSON14] is unreachable because he is traveling, or whatever.\nThat that can, of course, happen.\nBut we need to know what to do.\nWe need to know what is our fallback solution if that party is not not present.\nAnd then we have the long term focus.\nAnd I would like -.\nSo, the things that I spotted that really need attention are these.\nAnd I would like to put your names next to those for your, to know that like you are the people who are long term, including this goal and this, ah, ah, this challenge in in your plans.\nSo this non native accent that's very critical.\nAnd here the person is [PERSON1] and possibly [PERSON3] to a little extent, right?\nAh, yes.\n(PERSON15) Anyone else, anyone else can work on on the non native accent think.\nProb-.\nCould be -.\nMy, well -.\nYeah, I don't know.\nOk, then, another thing that I spotted is this is in the Monday test document.\nIt's it's highlighted in four times highlighted.\nIt's called Gazette years.\nSo when some session is happening, we need the names, ah, and terminology for that session.\nAnd we, ah, need to collect it like prepare it, manually created somewhat.\nAnd this manual creation should be supported with automatic tools as much as possible.\nSo there is, there is a certain like skill, ah, behind that, that needs to be practiced.\nSo I'm quite skilled in shuffling text files.\nAnd whenever I see you any any of you doing that, then I, like, always have tips in my head that what could be done faster.\nMaybe it's not faster for you in the end, but at least you should consider it.\nSo this skill is something that that we need people to have.\nAnd, ah, we need someone to be like responsible for for that.\nAnd I, I 'm afraid that the only person, ah, for this could be [PERSON3].\nIf you find anyone else who would be ready to help with the immediate domain adaptation the data crunching please, ah, say so.\nAnd then, we need -.\nSo, once we have secured the dictionary of terms and whatever the word pronunciations.\nWe need, ah, techniques to put these dictionaries to use in the systems.\nSo, my impression, ah, from the, ah, domain adaptation that [PERSON10] has been carefully doing for all the sessions, was that it was not really visible in the hybrid ASR.\nSo, one such session is again going to happen this Monday.\n[PERSON10] is already starting the data collection.\nBut I would like to see the the benefit of of that domain adaptation in in in the [PROJECT2] set up.\nSo, maybe [PERSON10] and [PERSON3] because he is learning how to do domain adaptation.\nAnd [PERSON1], because he is doing how to work with [PROJECT2].\nIf you three could, ah, meet and double check what is [PROJECT2] doing with the -.\nIt's not [PROJECT2], actually.\nThe domain adaptation is for the [PERSON17] toolkit, right?\nOh, yes, it is so.\n(PERSON12) Yes, yes, yeah.\n(PERSON15) So if you could, like somehow, the [PROJECT2] will be similar.\nBut we don't have that pipeline for [PROJECT2] yet.\nBut if you could like dig into the toolkit, and debugg whether it is actually getting the worst into that.\nSo I know that [PERSON10] has already thrived that once.\nCan you confirm that you are a hundred percent sure that the dictionary is well included.\nAnd the substitute words are for the language model are are really used, and it's asking the correct anagrams with the substitute words instead of the the new words.\nCan you confirm that this is really happening?\n(PERSON3) The domain adaptation?\nI think so because, I think so, because we had, we were testing it with a non domain adapted model -.\n(PERSON15) Ehm.\n(PERSON3) And the domain adapted ones.\nAnd the domain adapted ones were capturing the domain related words much better than non domain adapted ones.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, so if you have this great experience then, then maybe I'm wrong.\nBut my impression was that it is not really not really, ah, visible in the output.\nSo please convince me idealy with outputs and also numbers that it's it's doing, Ah, ah, the job.\n(PERSON3) Uh, okay, but for that, we will probably need of the transcribed.\nLike we need one of the Monday meetings transcribed.\n(PERSON15) So the, for example, in [PROJECT5] test set there is this Monday talk of mine.\nThe, ah, the everything can go wrong.\nThat contains a fair bit of of terminology.\n(PERSON3) Yeah, we do board -.\nOh, okay, so.\nBut our models, I'm not sure if we have the domain rapid model for that or not.\nBut for sure, all we can test the latest one on that as well.\n(PERSON15) Exactly, yeah, exactly.\nSo this is like kind of backward looking, making sure that the old approach works the the new data well.\nBut then there is also one thing, and there is -.\nAt the moment it is absolutely impossible to do any domain adaptation for the fully neural ASR.\nSo what I'm considering is to have an independent keyword spotting, ah, from sound.\nAnd some merging procedure.\nSo, we could have two ASRs running at the same time.\nEnd to end ASR, which is better in general.\nAnd then domain adapted [PROJECT2] set up, which is used only to spot the keywords.\nAnd when we see a keyword in the domain adapted version then we would then we would like use that sentence from [PROJECT2], which is in general worse, but contents the right terms.\nSo that's that's my like suggestion, what we could do.\nAnd and another suggestion is that we really should have our arm fully new ASR and do various experiments on fine tuning and and and all that.\nSo we've discussed this with [PERSON1] -.\nP P ah, [PERSON1].\nAnd, [PERSON1], is there any update from the potential, ah, ah, colleague or friend of yours.\n(PERSON1) No, not yet.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, so, if there would be anyone else, ah, would be curious about this, please let me know.\nOr get in touch.\nSo this is something which is, which would really be accepted well in generally as a as a paper, because people don't do that yet.\nAnd that's the most, ah, string- stringing the the most urgent problem these days.\nSo, we really could make a an impact there.\n(PERSON16) Yeah, I was maybe just thinking about, like, what kinds of data we currently use for this.\nBecause, ah, because, for example, ah, like, if you check, like, [ORGANIZATION2]'s models on [ORGANIZATION3] that they are like already pretty good at these things.\n(PERSON15) Yeah.\n(PERSON16) And and I think that if we, just like we could probably just steal the data from them.\nBe- because, because you have like a such a large, uh, set of of videos that that basically with with different domains and and different speaker and speaker native languages on [ORGANIZATION3].\n(PERSON15) Yeah.\n(PERSON16) And and like, I had this idea that we could just like, ah, use some tool to the download basically these some kinds of filter and videos from [ORGANIZATION3] and make your training tests, ah, ah, a training set out of them.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, I agree, except we don't have the the human capacity to do that.\nSo, [PERSON16] proposal, ah, the scrape [ORGANIZATION3] and even automatic -.\n(PERSON16) Yeah, and -.\nAnd it's actually something similar to what basically the kind academic purpose was.\nIf I -.\nMake sense.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, exactly.\n(PERSON16) So maybe we could reuse actually what what <unintelligible/> there.\n(PERSON15) Yes, yes, that's true, so we need, we need colleagues for this.\nSo if you, ah, if you are, ah, are in touch with someone such as [PERSON1] is in touch with someone.\nThen, mhm.\nYeah.\nSo this is.\nIt would be -.\nYeah, it would be great.\n(PERSON16) Yeah, it's just an idea. <laugh/>\n(PERSON15) It is so little chance here a little chance [PERSON1]'s, ah, friend, ah, will help with this.\nYeah, [PERSON3] will evaluate.\nAh.\nAnd then.\nAh, yeah, profanity and then the positive speak.\nSo, um.\nI have some examples.\nAh, mm, eh, eh.\nAnd I've recorded them either in the Monday seminar document or maybe here in the [ORGANIZATION7] as you want.\nThat the ASR is sometimes, ah, yeah -.\nSo one session was that at [ORGANIZATION7].\nThere was a debate whether languages, ah, are the African languages will be supported by some of the European project.\nAnd the answer from the project, ah, coordinator was that, well, we were discussing this a lot.\nAnd then, unfortunately, it's it's African, and we don't have capacity for that.\nBut the word discussing was recognized as disgusting.\nAnd the translation was that, like we were disgusted by the idea of including African languages in our project.\nSo even the word disgusting, which is not a bad word on his own, is very risky.\nSo, ah, we should, ah, our our profanity filtering should really be, ah, aggressive about about any slightly negative words.\nRight?\n(PERSON1) Maybe, maybe I have idea here.\nBecause I'm afraid that we cannot just aggressively removed these words, because there are many words that actually might harm someone, and and especially these days.\nBut maybe we, we could employ um these neural networks that I forget how this this task is called, but it's like based on the movie review -.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, sentiment analysis.\n(PERSON1) Yeah, yeah, sentiment analysis.\nWell, maybe we can use some sentiment analysis to to remove, um, sentences or or some a group of words with a negative sentiment.\nOr or something like that.\nOr or adapted to to some not actually negative negative sentiment, but rather some um agressive sentiment.\nIf we can retrains that in such a way.\n(PERSON3) I have some experience with that.\n(PERSON15) Ehm.\n(PERSON3) But it doesn't play well.\nBecause ultimately, uh I mean, that s uh kind of of very specific to a use case.\nSo not exactly similar, but when I was working with the financial dataset that we had created, or in my previous work, so uh we were looking for things uh from, let's say, an investor's point of view, it was since it is related to sentiment analysis.\nThat view is very subjective.\nSo, even if you train a neural network model to a spot some, some of the things that might be disrespectful or um demeaning to someone, or maybe that that shouldn't be there.\nThe including the subjectivity is pretty hard.\nOh, it's a complete task of its own.\nSo uh it takes a lot of work, it will probably take a lot of work.\n(PERSON15) Ehm.\n(PERSON1) And maybe maybe there are al- already some, some datasets, because, um, if I remember correctly.\nI'm the the the social media like [ORGANIZATION8] or or or um or [ORGANIZATION4] etcetera they, they actually use such things to filter the the posts.\nBecause they, they are obliged to filter some, some rasist and some bad statuses.\nSo maybe they, they have created some, some of the tape of this.\n(PERSON16) Yes, this is very true.\nThere was actually a cable competition for this, where people had to make models to detect the tweets or like sentences which were harmful in some ways.\nAnd basically, if you just download some models from this competition.\nThen you will have a question fire that can classify basically this sentence is like hateful or like, there are, there are like five categories like fake news, hateful and I don't know like what.\nSo definitely, you can use this for for the task.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, that's, that's good -.\n(PERSON16) I can send, send you the link.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, please pasted document -.\nBut remember -.\n(PERSON3) <unintelligible/> multi task of that.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, but remember that our setting is slightly different from these competitions and also the yeah -.\nThe, the, the difference is that we do not expect the speakers to use this abusive language, or whatever you call that.\nSo in our case, what we are after is more like sentiment inconsistency rather than bad sentiment.\nBecause we expect these people to to to say only the nice thing.\nIt's like official speeches.\nAnd the the bad words arise only as errors of ASR and errors of translation.\nAnd that's a different setting.\nAnd I think that with in this different setting, the the problem with the subjectivity that [PERSON3] mentioned and I agree it's very important, but it may be less, ah, less severe.\nSo I think there it could work, but it could -.\nWe should probably train it differently to to get the most of that.\n(PERSON16) But also, if we detect, detect something using this, this model, then we can know that <cough/> that there was a potentially,\n(PERSON3) Actually, I think it would make the task much easier, because since we are not expecting anything bad.\nSo anything bad that is there can just be removed.\nI'm not sure how, how well it will perform.\nBut, ah, yeah, if it if it seems hateful in gender, we just remove it.\nBecause we are not expecting the speaker to say.\nSo, we know that if it's hateful, it's just bad.\nSo we are not showing it.\nYeah.\nSo in in other words, the ASR should make a different hypothesis.\nThat's, that would be the idle behavior.\nLike that that in your ear there would be this positive filter.\nYou never.\nYou would never ever understand the the bad word at all.\n(PERSON3) Ah, yeah, something like that.\nAh, I mean, we can just say in the profanity filter part, they can just look out for a hateful comments or or hateful sentence, and we can simply remove it.\n(PERSON15) Yeah.\n(PERSON3) It will be like a sentence was said.\nBut it's not transcribed by ASR.\nIt's not irritated actually transcribed, we will have it in our logs, but it won't be displayed on the subtitling platforms.\n(PERSON16) Yeah.\nThere will be like hidden.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, so I see that as a great option for someone who would like to supervise a student.\nSo it could be whatever [PERSON12] or [PERSON1], or [PERSON16], I don't know if you have any any stu-.\nNo, you don't have any -.\nYou're not.\nYou don't have any bachelor students yet, because you're still studying from <unintelligible/>, right?\n(PERSON16) I have some at fit.\nWho might be interested that.\n(PERSON15) But yes, yes, that would be easier.\nWe could.\nWe could also then employ them easier because they're, they will be Czech citizens.\n(PERSON1) Well, maybe maybe I can ask my student, because we haven't agreed on the bachelors thesis.\n(PERSON15) I think he should stay with the non native English accent.\n(PERSON1) Okay, okay.\n(PERSON15) Find another one. <laugh/>\n(PERSON1) Okay.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, okay.\nSo so we see, and again, like a good space for, um, ah, for research.\nAnd the, ah, here, the last item that I had on my list was shortening MT.\nAnd that's in [PERSON16].\nSo, ah, [PERSON16], but also, um, -.\nWho was that, who was that?\nThe two more people, [PERSON11], [PERSON21].\nAnd then one more person was, ah, was, ah, somehow related to to this task of shortening MT.\nI'll I'll think about that, working on that.\n(PERSON3) All the <unintelligible/> ask one more thing.\nSo for that task of, ah, can I ask the elderly students who are already in Prague for the first or second year.\nIf they are interested in doing that then, maybe since they will already be in Prague.\n(PERSON15) Ehm.\n(PERSON3) And they were studying there.\n(PERSON15) Yes.\n(PERSON3) Is just uh it'll be equivalent as the other student.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, yeah, yeah.\n(PERSON3) I'll ask if one of them <unintelligible/>.\n(PERSON15) For the positive speak, for the profanity filtering.\n(PERSON3) Yes.\n(PERSON15) Yes, please do.\nDefinitely, that will be useful.\n(PERSON3) Okay.\n(PERSON15) Okay, well, so thanks a lot for your time.\nIf you, I would still I like to ask you, please read the experience of others, record your experience from the most recent sessions.\nAnd also, if you are short of ideas read the the problems in the Monday tests document.\nAnd if you spot any other ideas that I could be fruitful.\nPut them here.\nLet's.\nLet's discuss them next, ah, ah, next week as well.\nI'm happy to see that actually we have covered by someone, to some extent, the- these topics that I've found.\nBut there's probably more and, um, ah, yeah, we just need more people to do that.\nSo, with that I would probably end.\nIs there still anything that we should discuss today?\n(PERSON3) Ehm, I don't have anything else.\nOkay, as well, other than like saying that my visa is a <unintelligible/> probably be in Prague in January.\n(PERSON15) Yes, so that will be great if you finally make it.\nYou'll be the first one who who really makes it to Prague.\nBecause people from, ah, ah, the others are struggling.\nSo please do arrive here.\nThat would be very, very useful.\nSo we will have one more this call next week, and then, ah, it will be already the Christmas Day and then, um, the the New Year's Eve.\nSo, two weeks of of of a break from these Thursday calls.\nAnd then on the 7th of January will meet again.\nSo next week and then in January.\n(PERSON3) Okay.\n(PERSON15) Yeah, okay.\nSo, thanks very much.\nAh, to all of you for the attendance and for your patients.\nAh, patients.\nIt was too long today and talk to you individually and also next week.\n(PERSON1) Thank you.\n(PERSON18) Thank you,\nBye, bye.\n(PERSON12) Bye.\nThank you.\n", "utterances": [["20231018:102701", "user", " Who attended this meeting ?", 0], ["20231018:102704", "assistant", "The attendees of this meeting were PERSON1, PERSON3, PERSON7, PERSON12, PERSON15, PERSON16, and PERSON24.", -1], ["20231018:104156", "user", " Who will have a specific call to discuss multi-source experiments ", 0], ["20231018:104159", "assistant", "PERSON15 mentioned that there will be a specific call between PERSON24 and PERSON12 to discuss multi-source experiments.", 1], ["20231018:104622", "user", " When will be this call to discuss multi-source experiments? ", 0], ["20231018:104625", "assistant", "The call to discuss multi-source experiments between PERSON24 and PERSON12 is scheduled for tomorrow at 3:30 PM.", 1], ["20231018:104820", "user", " who is leaving the project?", 0], ["20231018:104823", "assistant", "PERSON10 is leaving the project.", 1], ["20231018:105054", "user", " Who will get their job back?", 0], ["20231018:105057", "assistant", "It is mentioned that [PERSON10]'s tasks will be distributed among other team members, but the specific person who will get their job back is not specified in the meeting transcript.", 0], ["20231018:105132", "user", " Who will get their tasks back?", 0], ["20231018:105136", "assistant", "The meeting transcript does not specify which specific team members will receive [PERSON10]'s tasks. However, it is mentioned that [PERSON10] is already in touch with the relevant team members who will be taking over those tasks.", -1], ["20231018:110035", "user", " What will be the topic of the future call between PERSON3 and PERSON6?", 0], ["20231018:110040", "assistant", "The topic of the future call between PERSON3 and PERSON6 is to discuss the integration of profanity filtering in the pipeline, particularly regarding the local copy on [PERSON6]'s laptop and any issues related to the process.", 1], ["20231018:110334", "user", " What is PERSON1 responsible for?", 0], ["20231018:110337", "assistant", "PERSON1's responsibilities are not explicitly mentioned in the meeting transcript.", -1], ["20231018:110755", "user", " Who is leading the discussion ?", 0], ["20231018:110759", "assistant", "PERSON15 is leading the discussion in the meeting.", 1], ["20231018:112304", "user", " What is the main problem with the system pipeline ?", 0], ["20231018:112308", "assistant", "The main problem with the system pipeline, as discussed in the meeting, is the reliance on specific individuals to start the pipeline. If these individuals are unavailable or encounter difficulties, it can result in delays and issues in running the pipeline effectively.", 1], ["20231018:135624", "user", " Who is experiencing disk space issues ?", 0], ["20231018:135627", "assistant", "During the meeting, PERSON16 mentioned experiencing disk space issues on the \"lev\u00e1 strana\" system.", 1], ["20231018:135921", "user", " How much space does she have on Troja machine ?", 0], ["20231018:135924", "assistant", "PERSON16 mentioned during the meeting that they have 50 gigabytes of space available on the Troja machine.", 0], ["20231018:154837", "user", " Who is interested to apply to a PhD ?", 0], ["20231018:154841", "assistant", "It is mentioned in the meeting that an individual known to PERSON1, who is an Indian student and almost done with their Masters, expressed interest in applying for a PhD position. However, it is not specified whether this person will indeed apply for a PhD or if there are other individuals interested in applying for a PhD position.", -1], ["20231018:155132", "user", " What is the application deadline for PhD btw ?", 0], ["20231018:155134", "assistant", "The application deadline for the PhD program is mentioned in the meeting transcript as the end of the year.", 1], ["20231018:155919", "user", " What did (PERSON15)  say (PERSON7) will take care of ? ", 0], ["20231018:155923", "assistant", "During the meeting, PERSON15 mentioned that PERSON7 will take care of the storage and recording of results related to the evaluation of all systems and files in the test set.", 1], ["20231018:161803", "user", " What exemple was given to illustrate the fact that MT systems can utter toxic content ?", 0], ["20231018:161806", "assistant", "The specific example of toxic content generated by MT systems was not provided in the meeting transcript.", -1]]}